---
title: "Scottish Championship Update after Lomonds of Fife"
date: 2007-08-21
excerpt: "After Lomonds of Fife the SHR Scottish Championship has hit the half-way mark and leaves just The Devil's Beeftub, Merrick and Morvan to go. Report on status so far is here ..."
---

The championship is now half way, although slightly skewed as both long races have been held but no short races. Also, with the last three races being on consecutive weekends, there could be problems for people who need to get points in all three.

Louise Burt (Fife) is leading both the Senior Women's and the Over 40 Women's, although in the Senior Women's Jill Mukura (Carnethy) and Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston) both have a race in hand. It looks like it could be an interesting battle between these two for the title, with Dawn Scott (Lochaber), currently 5th, waiting to pounce if either gives up. Louise looks best bet for the Over 40s, unless Hazel Dean (Central) decides to do three more races. Jocelyn Scott (Fife) who is second Over 40 woman in front of Anita Hamilton (Cosmic), is dominating the Over 50s, as usual, with three wins so is firm favourite to retain her title.

In the Senior men, it's the battle of the vets with four Over 40s at the top ! Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) looks like he could get the title having had the edge (just !) on Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) in all three races so far. There is still a chance Brian Marshall (HELP) could come through (don't rule out Brian winning all the shorter races !) and Simon Peachey (Carnethy) could get into the medals if he hits form in the last races after his disappointing Lomonds result. However, it would definitely be a major surprise if Stewart Whitlie didn't get the Over 40 title now, having had three straight wins and with Colin having had three second places and Dave Cummins (Shettleston) three third places, this category is looking fairly settled.

After just missing out last year, Dave Scott (Ochil) has just about wrapped up the Over 50 championship being unbeaten so far, while Tom Scott (Fife) has had three second places, so is not quite up to the standard of his wife ! Third place is still open but David Duncan (Ochil) must be favourite. The over 60s is very open and will be worth watching. Front runner at the moment is Tom Bowie (Fife), but three runners with a race in hand and a win each are Tom Ross (Fife) (is everyone in Fife called Tom ?), Doug Milligan (Solway) and reining champion, Gareth Bryan-Jones (Ochil). Any one of these four could take the title.

There are very few Under 23s taking part, but it is in its first year so will hopefully build up. Currently Matthew Sullivan (Shettleston) and Andrew McCall (Greenock) are joint leaders.

The men's Senior team and Over 40s team have been dominated by Carnethy who are unbeaten in both championships with Westies second in the Senior and Ochil second in the Over 40s. However, Lochaber could pull through to second places in both as they have two second places and a race in hand in each championship. The question mark is that they need to get to a race in the Borders. In the Ladies teams anything could happen, though Fife are currently leading the Senior and Cosmics the Vets.

The latest positions are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR_Hill_Running_Champs_2007.xls).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
