---
title: "Results for the weekend of 7-8 July"
date: 2007-07-07
excerpt: "Results for the Meall an t-Suidhe, Dollar and Half Nevis Races; and for the European Mountain Running Championships in France."
---

**Meall an t-Suidhe Hill Race**, 7 July

Clare Rumgay has promised us a full report after the Half Nevis (8 July) and Cow Hill (9 July) Races. All she's said so far is that "the conditions were a sort of uphill T in the Park".

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0074&RaceYear=2007)

**Dollar Hill Race**, 7 July

From Race Organiser Alex King:

"Yet another warm and largely dry day for Dollar Hill Race, but there was significant wind especially on the top. The main problem this year was the Arts summer school: when I arrived they were all sat at the entrance to the Cricket Pavilion, and we had to carry all the race equipment around them. Fortunately they went to lunch just as the runners were arriving to register.

We thought that would be the last we saw of them, but 30 minutes after the start of the race we saw that they had moved and were now sitting in a large group right in the middle of the path about 50 yards from the finish line. By the time we were told that Adrian Davis was on his way down Kings Seat, they were still there and we had to warn them that they were in danger of being run over. Fortunately for them and us they packed away literally 2 minutes before Adrian made it to the finish.

As for the race, 60 people took part, with Adrian Davis of Carnethy winning in a time of 1:24:24, followed by Bob Wiseman and Stuart Simpson both of Ochil Hill Runners. First Woman was Helen Stuart with a time of 1:39:22 followed by Lisa Gamble. The team Prize was won by Carnethy."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0071&RaceYear=2007)

**Half Nevis Race**, 8 July

The middle race in Lochaber's Triple Hirple was won by Davy Rodgers - running for the first time as an MV40.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0075&RaceYear=2007)

**European Mountain Running Championships**, 8 July

Joe Symonds was 26th overall in the senior men's race and second counter for the British team, which came sixth. Britain won the junior women's team title.

[Results](http://www.cauterets2007.com/engages_en.html)
