---
title: "SHR Championships: positions after first race"
date: 2007-05-11
excerpt: "SHR statistician Andy Spenceley has compiled the Championship positions after Stuc a'Chroin (teams as well as individuals) and comments on them.  '"
---

After the first championship race of the season at Stuc a'Chroin, many well-kent faces are at the top, as expected. These include Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) - Senior Men and Over 40; Jill Mykura (Carnethy) - Senior Ladies ; David Scott (Ochil) - Over 50; Jocelyn Scott (Fife) - Over 50; Douglas Milligan (Solway) - Over 60. A slightly rarer face on the hill scene, though a well known cross-country runner, is Hazel Dean (Central), who leads the Over 40s and second in the Senior Ladies. As usual there are new faces to look out for, particularly in the age categories. New Over 50 Ladies include former Over 40 champion Chris Menhennet (Westerlands), while new Over 50 men include former Over 40 champion Martin Laing (Fife) and in what looks a competitive men's Over 60, Tom Bowie (Fife). Senior men to watch out for include youngster Duncan Coombs (Edinburgh Univ); Simon Peachey (Carnethy), who led most of the way at Stuc a'Chroin and don't forget Brian Marshall, who in finishing third has had one of his best results in a long race and one that will set him up well for the rest of the series.

To add interest, there are also three new categories to the championship this year - Male and Female veteran teams and an Under 23 (the first race for this being Goatfell).

Carnethy took an early lead in both the male teams, but it's good to see Lochaber second in both (and turning out in large numbers). Hopefully they'll turn out for the other races. Deeside are the 3rd Male Over 40 team - sorry, I missed you out originally. Fife have taken an early lead in the Senior Ladies teams from holders, Carnethy, but despite Fife probably being favourites for the Ladies Over 40 team championship, they didn't get three veterans out at Stuc a'Chroin, leaving Cosmics to take the honours.

The standings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR_Hill_Running_Champs_2007.xls). Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:Andy.Spenceley@btinternet.com).
