---
title: "Donald and Dawn win at Cruim Leacainn"
date: 2007-12-27
excerpt: "Cruim Leacainn hill race was held on a wet and windy Boxing Day...  '"
---

Race report comes from organiser Roger Boswell:

"The Cruim Leacainn hill race was held on a wet and windy Boxing Day. At the summit Donald Paterson and Craig Mitchell were just inches apart, the bookie's favourite was Craig. However, Donald flew down the hill while Craig fell down, Donald opened up a small gap, winning by under a minute. There was quite a scrap for third, Paul Matthews (Aberdeen Metro) finishing 5 secs ahead of Tom Smith who was 5 seconds ahead of Alan Smith (Deeside), 15 secs ahead of George Cairns.

Dawn Scott had a great run to win the ladies race by a big margin, finishing ahead of a lot of useful male runners. Behind Dawn four girls were determined to finish second. Emma Pearce called on all her reserves of consistent training to beat the up and coming Sarah MacKenzie by 20 seconds, with Nix Forster not far behind finishing 4th. Sarah Byrne was also up there until she went way off course near the end. Sarah Byrne said she wasn't looking for a short cut on this occasion, and even back-tracked half a mile up hill to rejoin the official route, costing her about 20 places.

The 45 runners were divided into groups in various ways. By gender, the boys beat the girls 23 to 22. By age, the youngsters beat the over 40's 26 to 19. By vision, the sighted who remarked how well the course was flagged and the myopic who got lost, but even they seemed to enjoy getting lost."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0111&RaceYear=2007)
