---
title: "Arrochar - out of the wet and wildness came Whitlie"
date: 2007-06-30
excerpt: "Arrochar gave all that it promised, classic mountain scenery, much wildness, the predictable rain and mist, and an unforgettable few hours racing for the 44 competitors. Results too for the Fyrish Hill Race and the Corrieyairack Challenge."
---

Arrochar gave all that it promised, classic mountain scenery, much wildness, the predictable rain and mist, and an unforgettable few hours racing for the 44 competitors. Stewart Whitlie established an early lead and was never headed, though in trying to find a good line on the tough descent from the final summit, Beinn Narnain, he was almost caught by his nearest pursuers - Alec Keith and Dave Cummins - but in the end that was the finishing order. Kate Jenkins was a comfortable winner of the ladies race, whilst Carnethy took the male team honours. The first five finishers were all V40s.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0405&RaceYear=2007)

**Fyrish Hill Race and fun run**, 30 June

Graeme Campbell (Highland HR) won the men's race from Gordon Lennox (Invergordon R), Miranda Grant (HBT) beat team-mate Eilidh Wardlaw for the women's title, and 27 juniors took part in the fun run.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0064&RaceYear=2007)

**Corrieyairack Challenge**, 30 June

The 15th annual Corrieyairack challenge took place on Saturday 30 June and was blessed with sunshine and fine weather for the best part of the day. 482 competitors from all over Scotland and as far away as Holland, Portsmouth and Coventry took part in the Annual Sponsorship Event to raise funds for the Badaguish Outdoor Centre near Aviemore.

A figure of £71k was pledged on the day, with the final total expected to be in the range of £80k, taking the sponsorship total since the first Challenge in 1993 to £571,408, for the Badaguish Outdoor Centre.

Jamie Kennedy from Slick and Tyred was the first competitor home in the Mountain Bike section with a time of 3 hours 5 minutes, improving on his third position on the past two years. The team Mountain Bike award went to Squdra Porcini Team, based in Calendar, who had previous winner Norman Gillan, Martin MacLean and Iain Nimmo who was recently crowned the Scottish Masters Champion in Paisley last week. Another previous winner, Elaine Hopley from Power Doors, pedalled her way to retaining her Ladies Mountain Bike Crown.

Graeme Beal won the Duathlon Men’s title for a second time beating last year’s winner and teammate Stuart Macleod by 9 minutes. In the Ladies sections Jennifer MacLean defended her Duathlon title, beating the rest of the ladies by 15 minutes.

[Results](Download.aspx?Item=CorrieChallenge2007.pdf)
