---
title: "Kaim Hill Race, 2 May"
date: 2007-05-06
excerpt: "Andrew McCall (Greenock Glenpark) and Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston RR) win the '  '"
---

Scott McKendrick, of race sponsors [Advertisign Direct](http://www.advertisigndirect.co.uk/), says:

”There was a great turnout of 49 runners for the Advertisign Direct Kaim Hill Race 2007, but fortunately for the sponsor no records were broken. There was the usual fast start downhill on the road with the leading pack of Andrew McCall (the race winner), Alan 'Whitlie' Smith\* (second overall and first vet 40), Des Crowe (third) and Stuart Simpson (fourth) breaking away by the climb up the glen. They crossed the burn and climbed onto the hillside with positions more-or-less the same, picking up sheep trails through the heather tussocks and burnt bracken. Elke Schmidt (first female) was making the running in the ladies’ race with Helen Palmer a minute or so behind, both having strong climbs.

By the turn Andrew McCall had about one minute over Alan Smith with a small gap to Des Crowe and Stuart Simpson, then junior Michael McLoone. In the vet 50 category Mick Dunn led Girvan’s Nat Taylor to the turn with Nat’s clawing back the deficit on the descent to edge ahead in a sprint finish. The Austin brothers from Garscube fought out the junior race with older Marc leading all but 20 of the senior race to the glen crossing with younger brother Ritchie not far behind.

Andrew McCall picked up a fair old catch of prizes – along with my only set of van keys, which resulted in a midnight drive to Greenock. Thankfully Alan Smith (Deeside) hadn't won!!! The prize fund goes up to £200 next year so I will be out sowing my heather seeds early spring. Thanks to all runners.”

The full results are [here](http://scottishhillrunners.uk/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0038&RaceYear=2007).

\*For those who missed it: BBC-TV’s _The Adventure Show_ labelled Alan as Stewart Whitlie in its film of the Highlander Mountain Marathon.
