---
title: "Results for Saturday 23 June"
date: 2007-06-23
excerpt: "Reports and results from Eagle Crag, Eildon 2 Hills, the West Highland Way and Falkland Races."
---

**Records and runners tumble at Eagle Crag**, 23 June

From Clare Rumgay:

"A respectable turnout of 31 runners tackled the tough 5.4 mile, 2500 feet Eagle Crag hill race. A week of watering made for a muddy, boggy run, with the last steep descent a particularly slippery slope. Clearing pea-soup mist and a well marked route helped secure some fast times.

Brian Marshall finished comfortably within his own record, winning in 58:28. Dawn Scott also broke her record by almost a minute, finishing in 1:13:29. Second and third men were Colin Donnelly and Alan Smith in 1:01:02 and 1:03:08. Behind Dawn were Amanda Blackhall in 1:21:53 and Sarah Legge in 1:24:55.

Among strong local performances were new LAC recruit Peter Ward, Graham Brooks (first male vet 50) and Ali Kennedy. Ernie Orr posted his fastest time yet in this race and Ian Adams took an astonishing 17 minutes off his last year’s time.

Thanks go to marshals and helpers Bill, Christine, the O’Neills and Ken. Many thanks to Ian MacColl for permission.

Lochaber Athletic Club’s Triple Hirple weekend starts on Saturday 7th July with the [Melantee race]( RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0074&System=Metric&Month=7) at 2pm, from Claggan Park."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0063&RaceYear=2007)

**Eildon 2 Hills Race**, 23 June

Race organiser Paul Morris reports:

"The heavens opened just as the race began, and it was run in torrential rain, with extremely slippery conditions underfoot. This didn't seem to affect the leading runners too much, as they recorded some good times, despite taking a rather roundabout route up the first Eildon. Alasdair Anthony (Ochils) and Grant Stewart (City of Edinburgh) maintained the first two spots for most of the race, with Alasdair eventually coming out on top. Shettleston placed well to finish in fifth, sixth and seventh, winning the men's team prize after a recount.

Jill Mykura (Carnethy) seemed to have things largely her own way in the ladies' race, finishing nearly three minutes ahead of last year's winner Claire Gordon. Claire however took home the ladies' team prize along with her HBT team-mates."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0065&RaceYear=2007)   [More photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157600459482964/)

**West Highland Way Race**, 23 (and 24) June

A record field of 105 started the race and 76 finished it. Lucy Colquhoun (Carnethy) was perhaps the star of the show: she closed to within 10 minutes of race leader Adrian Davis (Carnethy) in the later stages of the race, eventually finishing in second place 12 minutes behind him - and 20 minutes inside Kate Jenkins' record. Adrian's winning time was 17:04:13 and he was also first Over 40; Mark Walsh (Dumbarton) was third and Norman McLennan (Orkney) fourth. First Over 50 was Murdo McEwan (Carnethy) in 8th place in 20:12:00.

[Results](http://westhighlandwayrace.org/)   [Adrian Davis's account](http://www.carnethy.com/ci_newsletter/art_whw_2007.htm)   [Lucy Colquhorn's account](http://www.carnethy.com/ci_newsletter/art_lucy_whw_2007.htm)

**Falkland Hill Race**, 23 June

Lars Ottemoller (Carnethy), Mark Higginbottom (Carnethy) and Brian Cruickshank (Fife) took the first three places, whilst the Fife AC juniors caught the eye, notably Andrew Hood (MU15) in fourth and Halina Rees (FU13), the first female.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0066&RaceYear=2007)
