---
title: "Marshall just beats Whitlie while Schmidt wins easily at Morven, 22 September"
date: 2007-09-22
excerpt: "Brian Marshall (HELP) had a fantastic descent to overhaul Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) and snatch the overall SHR Championship.  '"
---

Breezy but dry conditions welcomed just over 100 runners for the final SHR Championship race of the 2007 season, held at Morven, Aberdeenshire. At the start, there were still several final Championship positions to be decided and the Open Men's duel between Stewart Whitlie and Brian Marshall for top position was an eagerly anticipated one. Neither runner disappointed in a classic and very hard fought battle.

Stewart led determinedly for most of the climb and by the summit had opened a significant gap of well over a minute. Brian, lying pretty much joint second at the top then had a phenomenol descent and just managed to close in on Stewart in the very final stages of the race, and thereby snatch the overall Championship in dramatic style.

Lochaber's Finlay Wild and Carnethy's Simon Peachey maintained their summit positions to finish in 3rd and 4th respectively, the latter just ahead of the fast finishing Manny Gorman.

In the ladies race, Elke Schmidt had a very comfortable victory to seal her first Ladies Championship.

Final Championship positions for all categories will be posted soon. Congratulations to all runners who have completed their minimum of 4 races and helped make the 2007 Championship such a high quality and exciting one.

[Provisional results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0102&Year=2007) and [Half Morven results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0454&Year=2007)
