---
title: "Isle of Mull Fell Race"
date: 2007-07-23
excerpt: "A record field at Mull and new race records by Brian Marshall and Megan Mowbray. Race report and organisers report.  '"
---

A lovely warm sunny day for the Isle of Mull Fell race enticed a record number and a high quality field to this superb mountain run. 14 runners started and all finished. Brian Marshall won his second race in two weeks on a island (having won Glamaig the week before) by winning in a new record time of 1:55:15 from local Steve McInnes and Colin Donnelly.

A strong team from Lochaber (most of the field!) set the pace along the three-quarters of a mile of road, while the other clubs (1 each from Westies, HBT, Carnethy, Shettleston & HELP) took it easy and chatted behind. Once on the hill, Brian took command and was never headed, leaving Colin and Steve to fight out the minor places. Steve eventually opened a gap on the long descent from the final checkpoint, Ben More, to take 2nd. The only woman running was Megan Mowbray who came in 10th in a new record of 2:27:50.

With 4 mountain summits making a natural circuit, lovely ridge running and scrambling, a munro (Ben More), some scree slopes (helps if you're local to find them !) and a swim in the sea afterwards before sunbathing by the loch, it's a classic race not to be missed.

2007 REPORT FROM RACE ORGANISER JOHN COYLE:

Doesn’t matter how much I try, I just can’t help but always being naturally optimistic. I suppose that’s what becomes of been a part of Carnethy and the hill running fraternity in general. But sitting there meeting the Oban ferry with the minibus, the taxi minibus, and the Tobermory coach on standby did seem like pushing even Coyley's confidence to the limit when 3 runners stepped off the boat.

14 runners and a handful of juniors and youth started off along the shores of Loch na Keal toward the first climb of the day. The steep ascent allowed the field to get up to the first ridge mostly in touch with each other and then to keep in sight as the course curves it’s way around to the Ben More ridge. The weather was perfect with sunny spells and pockets of mist accompanied by a breeze on the back.

The fight at the front saw Brian pull away on the long final decent to tear almost 10 minutes of his record and local boy Steve push ahead of Colin across the traverse towards the shore. Megan had the race to herself and ran an amazing record to set the standard. It was a brilliant sight to see the Lochaber boys spaced out on the Chioch ridge like a Tour time trial to take the team position.

I would like to thank all the runners who all made it an excellent day and especially for being gentle with me in the restaurant in the evening. Also a massive thanks for the marshals who helped continue our record for having more marshals than runners!

Standing on the Ben summit looking over the course and with the scene sweeping from Arran, Jura, Ireland, Staffa, Tiree, Harris, Ardnamurchan and back to the Lochaber hills is exceptional and makes me wonder where is everyone?

John Coyle, IoM ’07 organiser

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0062&RaceYear=2007)
