---
title: "Sun and sporting prowess at Trossachs Duathlon"
date: 2007-03-24
excerpt: "The sun shone on the 88 solo competitors and 29 teams who completed a 11km run up and down Ben Venue followed by a 25.5km cycle on forest tracks around Achray and final 4km run around the forest."
---

A great event masterminded by Angela Mudge and run in memory of her twin sister Janice as a fundraiser for Cancer Research. The sun shone on the 88 solo competitors and 29 teams who completed a 11km run up and down Ben Venue followed by a 25.5km cycle on forest tracks around Achray and then the sting in the tail 4km run around the forest to the finish.  
  
Jim Davis of Borrowdale was 1st solo runner, followed by team mate Morgan Donnelly and Ian Wellock of HBT. Karen Powell of host club Carnethy was first lady, followed by Anne Buckley (Bingley) and Nic Davis (Borrowdale). First finishers were the Borrowdale team of Scoffer Schofield and yet another Davis in the shape of former Scottish champion, Phil.  
  
Full results on the [Carnethy web site](http://www.carnethy.com).  
  
Some further words, with thanks to Keith Burns:  
  
"Angela Mudge’s tribute to her sister Janice was everything that it should have been. Even the uncontrollable weather seemed to bow to the importance of the event, with peak-to-peak sunshine and temperature and wind that were perfect for both runners and spectators out on the course. Both the hill course and the bike course were good tests of the total range of skills.  
  
The ascent of Ben Venue started with early steep climbs on a good footpath to lure those not in the know, maybe, to start pushing hard too early. Shortly after leaving the steady climb through the forest, we were clawing at heather on a slope similar, and as steep as, the infamous Ben Each ascent (on the Stuc a\`Chroin race). The summit had a refreshingly cool easterly to blow us along a craggy and undulating ridge with the occasional gluey bog foretelling what was to come later. From the bealach, the rough descent then blended boulders and bog together with steep drop-offs to test the best of descending skills. The return through the forest threw in some slightly ambiguous junctions where route finding needed all the concentration earlier spent on staying upright!  
  
At the transition, the soloists looked enviously at the team runners who could knock off for an hour to rest, while they had to continue the pressure on the bike. The early few kilometres of fast paths alongside Loch Achray led to the first of a number of steep ascents on increasingly tricky going, with mud, brashings and grooves to drop you front wheel into. A tour of Loch Drunkie was followed by a climb and fast tricky descent around Drium Bhuide. The return was back around Loch Drunkie with another technical descent to Loch Achray to make way for a further re-ascent towards Duke’s Pass. There was a killer climb after the road crossing and a final very fast descent to the last transition to the 2 mile running loop, with more climbing. It was here that you could easily tell the team runners from the wobbly-legged solo sufferers as they climbed away from the car park.  
  
Every participant was a winner on a day like this. All proceeds went to Cancer Research UK and any late donations (payable to Cancer research UK) should be sent to Angela at Little Crinigart, Station Road, Gartmore, FK8 3RR.  
  
Congratulations to Angela and her organising team for a superb event that should become a feature on the race calendar. "
