---
title: "Titanic battle for the Run and Become Tinto title, 10 November"
date: 2007-11-11
excerpt: "Joe Symonds (Dundee HH) finished the stronger to deprive Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H) of his title. Angela Mudge (Carnethy HRC) won the women’s race in the second-fastest time ever, and the field was the largest on record.  '"
---

Nearly 250 runners turned out for the Tinto race, sponsored by [Run and Become](http://www.runandbecome.com/) – a record for the third year in a row, and so many that space on the path was at a premium as the pack hurtled homewards down the hill. Away out in front there was a titanic battle for supremacy between Joe Symonds (Dundee HH), who has made his mark on the international circuit this summer, and three-times winner Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H). Symonds led by a stride or two on the ascent, Lennox by the same on the descent. Finally Symonds pulled away on the flatter track back to the finish, to win in the fourth-fastest time ever (30:17). Lennox was rewarded for the spirited defence of his title with a personal best (30:32). The winner in 2005, Alasdair Anthony (Ochil HR), was on his own in third, followed by this year's SHR Champion Brian Marshall (HELP) and the Carnethy vets Adam Ward and Steven Fallon.

Angela Mudge (Carnethy HRC) had yet another fine run to come in tenth overall in 34:29, a time bettered only by her own record. The next three women – Catriona Buchanan (Central AC), Judith Turner (Carnegie H) and Iona Robertson (Bellahouston RR) – finished within twenty seconds of one another getting on for five minutes later.

The Junior Race was won by Adam Gatens (East Kilbride) with Alexandra Campbell (Moorfoots) the first girl. In the Tinto Tiptoe Fun Run, round the fort and back, the competitors’ ages ranged from 11 months to 63 years; they were led home by two 11-year olds, Jack Campbell (Edinburgh City) and Lauren Arbuckle (Lothian RC).

Part of the reason for the large turnout in the main race was the presence of many Carnegie Harriers, running in memory of their club-mate George Murdoch. Fittingly there was a minute’s silence before the prize-giving for George and Highland Hillrunner Dick Amour.

[Senior](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0108&RaceYear=2007), [Junior](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0185&RaceYear=2007) and [Fun Run](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0553&RaceYear=2007) results; [Senior](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157603092374807/) and [Junior plus Fun Run](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157603105722268/) photos
