---
title: "Results for the weekend of 2-3 June"
date: 2007-06-03
excerpt: "The results are for Glas Tulaichean (Uphill), Saughhill, Scolty (both Senior and Junior), Yetholm, the Cateran Trail Relay (Individual and Team; 12 May) and Duddon Valley."
---

**Glas Tulaichean (Uphill)**

Grant Stewart (City of Edinburgh) for once got the better of Alasdair Anthony (Ochils) but Matt Whitfield (Bingley) bested them both, winning in 24:57. Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) just kept his nose in front of Robert Quinn (Kilbarchan) to be first M40, whilst Edel Mooney (Lothian) was the first woman to the summit.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0054&RaceYear=2007)

**Saughhill**

Race winner Euan Jardine reports: "It was very, very wet - probably the worst conditions I have been a part of during this particular race. There was the usual frenzied mass start with loads of junior racers leading the way. Colin Brash and I enjoyed a tussle on the first climb on the road. I started to open up a gap through the first field and increased it on the climb although Colin was working well. I then got away a bit more on the descent. I was a bit upset at the finish as I missed beating my 2005 record by just 3 seconds. Overall a great wee race, though it was a pity about the weather!"

[Results](Download.aspx?Item=Saughhill2007.pdf)

**Scolty**

Another tale of just 3 seconds - this time the margin by which Craig Mitchell (Lochaber) won from Dan Whitehead (Cosmics). Sonia Armitage was first woman.

[Results (Seniors)](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0049&RaceYear=2007)   [Results (Juniors)](Download.aspx?Item=ScoltyJunior2007.pdf)

**Yetholm**

Race organiser Les Turnbull reports: "Veterans dominated this year's race with only eight seniors in the field of thirty one runners. Adam Ward of Carnethy led home clubmate Bruce Smith with Damon Rodwell finishing strongly over Staerough to reel in Wull Hynd and Steven Fallon and defend senior pride. On-form David Duncan was 1st V50 with Mike Pearson coming home 1st V60.

In the ladies' race Kate Jenkins managed to hold off 1st V40 Claire Bagness of Wooler despite nipping down to the Kirk at Yetholm. Don't worry Kate someone makes that mistake every year !!

After the race several runners wondered what the race would be like run in the opposite direction, well come back next year and find out."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0056&RaceYear=2007)

**Cateran Trail Race**, 12 May

[Results (Individual and Team)](Download.aspx?Item=CateranTrailRace2007Both.pdf)

**Duddon Valley**

This was a British Championship 'long' race. Es Tresidder (Carnethy) was the first Scot home (in eighteenth place).

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0432&RaceYear=2007)
