---
title: "SHR Annual Beano"
date: 2007-11-19
excerpt: "There was an excellent turnout for the annual SHR beano, held this year at Badaguish."
---

There was an excellent turnout for the annual SHR beano, held this year at Badaguish. The hall managed to accommodate everyone for a superb meal, with no problem about the size of the portions - some people must have had at least 3 helpings of each course! Personally, your correspondent could only manage to eat two large platefuls each of main course and pudding...

All the SHR Championship category winners and runners-up, who were present, duly received their prizes in recognition of their efforts in the 2007 Championship. The photo accompanying this article (courtesy of Dave Hanlon - others to follow from other members) shows those that collected some of this year's goodies.

As in previous year's there was an award for the Scottish Hill Runner Of The Year. And for the first time the award went to not one, but two people: Joan and Colin Wilson of Carnethy. There'll be more on the award in 2007 Journal.

However, the annual SHR festivities are not just for people who take part in the championship, this event is for all our members to enjoy. So don't get the wrong impression if racing is not for you, just come along and enjoy the fun. All-in-all it was a great night with superb food and a disco/ceilidh to try and work off some of the overeating.

And lastly, but certainly not least, I'm sure that everyone who attended will join me in saying a very grateful thankyou to Dave Cummins for organising this years SHR bash. Well done Dave!
