---
title: "Adrian Callan"
date: 2007-01-19
excerpt: "Adrian Callan, one of Shettleston’s finest runners, has died aged 44 after a long struggle with cancer. A great performer on the track, road and country, not least as a 3.58 miler and 3.41 for 1500m, Aidy won many club, national and international honours."
---

Adrian Callan, one of Shettleston’s finest runners, has died aged 44 after a long struggle with cancer. A great performer on the track, road and country, not least as a 3.58 miler and 3.41 for 1500m, Aidy won many club, national and international honours.  
  
His first real contact with hillrunning came in 1994, when he joined Shettleston from Springburn. He could hardly avoid the club’s band of “hillbillies”, as he affectionately called us. He thought we were all bampots, of course, but at the same time he understood what drove us, and loved our ability to combine our athletic competitiveness with our (usually) friendly, non-elitist attitude.  
  
Sometimes he would come to hill races just for the social afterwards, but the truth is that this running legend was himself the most modest, unassuming and convivial of men. In his quiet way, he could inspire even the slowest of hillrunners he met, not just for what he said to them, but for the way he said it. But as a man of action, rather than words, when he did perform on the hills, he did so with distinction, as when he partnered Des Crowe to victory on the first leg of the 2003 Burdens Relay.  
  
He fought his illness with the same strength and determination that moulded his athletic career, but in the end it has defeated him, and our sympathy goes to his wife Lara and his young family.
