---
title: "Ruth Mackenzie revels in the rain on Tap o'Noth, 18 August"
date: 2007-08-18
excerpt: "Craig Mitchell (Lochaber) narrowly beat course record-holder Jason Williamson (Cosmics), whilst Ruth Mackenzie (Deeside) broke her own ladies' record.  '"
---

Simon Beeson reports:

"Rain, rain, rain. It was forecast and it came. But despite the efforts of Him up above, it didn’t dampen the enthusiasm of the 25 brave souls who registered for the eleventh Tap O’ Noth Hill Race. Cosmic Hill Bashers were once again out in force which is always a great sight to see. Numbers were down slightly on previous races but all things considering I think it was an excellent turnout. So, on to the race itself.

Marshals in place, and a warning from the top of the hill that visibility was down to 40 metres and the rain was persistent on the hill. So runners briefed accordingly off they went. All was quiet for a while which gave me time to organise the finish and tidy up a few things, as ever trying to keep one step ahead of the game.

A call from the top advised me the first runners were there at around the 22-minute mark, not bad considering. Accurate split times were not being taken this year due to the poor weather on the hill and a sort of ‘sympathy’ for the marshals up there – I must be going soft!

So to the finish, and an effort from Craig Mitchell of Lochaber who came in first 8 seconds ahead of Jason Williamson of Cosmics (last year's winner and course record holder) followed shortly after by Ian Humberston who having not raced for 2 years did remarkably well.

Ruth Mackenzie from Deeside won the ladies' race for how many times in succession I forget - suffice to say the winner's cup only has her name on it! Despite the conditions an obviously ‘in-form’ Ruth broke by 23 seconds her own course record set last year. Anita Hamilton of Cosmics closely followed Ruth, only just missing last year's course record too. Lois Noble, a regular to the Tap O’ Noth Hill Race, came in an excellent third.

Thanks to all who took part and especially to the marshals who helped on such a miserable day."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0094&RaceYear=2007)
