---
title: "End of season SHR 'do'"
date: 2007-08-21
excerpt: "Details of the above event have already been published in the July newsletter. There are plenty of places still available and the Committee are hoping that lots of members will support what is always a great event and help make it another memorable evening. By way of a reminder....."
---

The do takes place this year on Sat 17th Nov at Badaguish (Glemore, Speyside) - on the same day as the Meall a'Buchaille race just down the road. Main attractions will include: a fine 3 course buffet meal provided by a very well renowned local caterer (no bar, so bring your own drinks); 2007 prize giving for all SHR championship and Bog and Burn categories, with post dinner Ceilidh/disco entertainment provided by, as usual, local boy, Ian Glover.

Cost is £18 pp for the whole evening and to reserve a place, please send cheques with a 50% deposit to Dave Cummins, @ 15 Provost Smith Crescent, Inverness, IV2 3TG.

Accommodation for the whole weekend (ie Fri 16th and Sat 17th) is also available at Badaguish, c/o new and very comfortable deluxe log cabins. These self-catering cabins sleep 14 using a combination of double and twin rooms. If runners wish to book this facility, they can either organise themselves into 'cabin groups' and book a whole cabin (min number 12) for the group. Or alternatively, they may just book themselves as individuals and be placed in a general/mixed cabin with other, no doubt very sociable, hill runners.

In either case, the cost for 2 nights' accommodation is £28pp (no reductions for 1 night only) and as above, to reserve a place, please send a 50% deposit cheque to Dave at the above address. Cheques should be made payable to Scottish Hill Runners.

Dave will be happy to answer any queries on any aspect of the 'do' by 'phone - 01463 223094.
