---
title: "Results and reports for 11-12 August"
date: 2007-08-12
excerpt: "So far we have results/reports for Tiorga Mhor, Largo Law, the inaugural Kintyre Way Relay, Balloch and 'Ben Tee', as well as a couple of snippets from the AGM of **scottish**athletics."
---

**Tiorga Mhor Hill Race**, 11 August

From Josie Morrison:

The 13 runners set off at 1pm in perfect weather. The first to return was Stuart Simpson (Ochil HR), yet again breaking his own course record with a time of of 49:04. Tom Smith (Lochaber AC) was not far behind (49:45) and Ken Whyte (Lochaber AC) was third in 57:59. First female was Janet McWhinnie (Carnethy HRC) in 1:24:09 and our first local was Gavin Earrons (SRAC) in 59:21.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0168&RaceYear=2007)

**Largo Law Hill Race**, 11 August

Anster Haddies took the race over this year from Fife AC and Ron Morrison, who had organised it for the best part of three decades. They also devised a new course, taking into account the impact ever-increasing road traffic was having on the old one.

The cachet of being the first winner over the new course went to Fife AC’s Chris Russell. Ben Hukins (Aberdeen) was second and the hosts’ David Burgess third. Gillian Carr (Corstorphine AC) just pipped Sarah Legge (Fife AC) for the women’s title; next was Fiona Lothian, also of Fife AC.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0084&RaceYear=2007)

**Inaugural Kintyre Way Relay**, 11 August

Rob Reid reports:

"For this “trial run”, three teams and one solo runner took part. The winners, in an overall time of 11h 27m, were Iain Mennie, Davie Atkin and Rob MacLennan, all from Garscube Harriers in Glasgow. Second, in 11h 41m, was a local team made up of Neil McKnight from Tarbert, Donald Campbell from Glenbarr and Sid Gallagher from Campbeltown. Close behind them, in 11h 48m, was the third team - Erwin Losekoot from Helensburgh, Rob Reid from Tarbert, and Phil Connor from Clachan.

The star performer of the day was Eryk Grant from Harrogate, who became the first person ever to run the entire 66 miles from Tarbert to Campbeltown along the Kintyre Way in one day, taking an impressive 13h 30m.

We hope to make this an annual event. If you are interested in taking part or helping in any way, please [e-mail us](mailto:info@kintyrewayrelay.co.uk.)."

[Photos](http://www.truprint.co.uk/share/p=751121186949341870/l=294906103/g=39206757/cobrandOid=1006/otsc=SYE/otsi=SALB)

**Annual General Meeting of scottishathletics**, 11 August

Two bits of news from the Meeting:

1\. David Armitage, Mark Johnston and Mike Pearson were re-elected as Convenor, Secretary and Finance Officer respectively of the Hill Running Commission.

2\. Martin Hyman was made an Honorary Life Member of **scottish**athletics.

**Balloch Hill Race**, 12 August

The Balloch Hill Race is part of the [Keith Country Show](http://www.agtb.org/4DACTION/WebActionEventDetail/AGRI10665). It was won quite comfortably by Simon Pride (Forres), with Alan Reid (Peterhead) managing to keep ahead of Stephen Gill (Keith and District) to finish second. Susan Johnston (Keith) took the ladies' prize.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0406&RaceYear=2007)

**"Ben Tee"**, 12 August

Clare Rumgay tells us:

"Due to excessive rain (even by Lochaber standards), an alternative race was run on Beinn Bhreac (440m). Special "we're not worthy" mentions to Graham MacNab and Morag Aitken who came straight from completing the '10 under' 10-hour mountain bike event the day before at Fochabers. Navigation gold medals went to a Lochaber trio (names witheld to protect the numpties) who missed the race by forgetting to go to Invergarry and travelling a further 20 miles before realising they should've taken a left."

Steven Fallon (Carnethy)'s navigation was spot on though, and he won from Stuart Simpson (Ochils). Dawn Scott (Lochaber) was first woman, having warmed up by running in the WMRT Trial Race at Aberfoyle the day before.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0192&RaceYear=2007)
