---
title: "Arran Distillery Glen Rosa Horseshoe Hill Race, 16 June"
date: 2007-06-17
excerpt: "Jon Ascroft and Steven Fallon (Carnethy) were first and second, ahead of Owen Bass (Deeside) and Andrew Symonds (Carnegie)...but sadly women were notable by their absence.  '"
---

Race organiser Paul Emsley's report:

Last year gallons of suntan lotion were required. For the 2007 version of the Glen Rosa race, water repellent was the embrocation of choice. The curious atmospheric conditions meant that all the summits were shrouded in cloud, but below the cloud base, visibility was crystal clear.

A field of 27 runners assembled in the starting field behind Brodick Castle for the 19th running of the race round Glen Rosa, with three times as many vets as seniors, and no ladies at all!

Es Tresidder made his intentions clear with a magnificent false start, but his race came to a sad end when he went over on his ankle before ever starting to ascend the hills. Es managed the climb to the summit of Bienn a’ Chliabhain, but found the descent too painful, and wisely decided to call it a day, returning to base under his own steam.

Dougie Shiell was the next Carnethy runner to drop out, after going AWOL before reaching the first checkpoint. The marshals at the check point were able to pick up this fact very quickly and a Landrover was despatched to start a search. Eventually, Dougie sorted himself out (“The first time I’ve used a compass in twenty years”) and made his way safely back down to the glen and a ride back to castle.

Andrew Symonds was leading the race at checkpoint one and, with Es injured behind him, looked a clear winner. Having descended into Coire Daingean, he misread the instruction “contour under A’Chir” as “make a steep rocky dangerous ascent to the summit of A’Chir” and followed that with an equally dangerous and spectacular traverse of the A’Chir ridge.

This left Carnethy’s Jon Ascroft and Steven Fallon at the front, and they used their previous experience of the race to navigate immaculately round the rest of the course, while others behind them made various mistakes. For Jon, this was his maiden race win and the delight was clear to see. “I’ll have to buy a mantelpiece now” was his reaction on receiving his trophy and a bottle of whisky from the sponsors. Stephen Fallon was equally pleased to receive the M40 trophy, finishing in second place.

Irvine’s Jim Stevenson has not taken part in the race since the extra checkpoint was introduced on the shoulder below Goatfell, which forces runners to take the tourist path down the mountain. So he set off as he always had done, on the shortest route off the summit. At the back of his mind he was worried that he had one checkpoint tag left on his clip, and eventually decided that the shoulder cairn was the only place the final checkpoint could be. So he had to ascend the path back to the checkpoint, passing several runners on their way down. Despite this extra effort, Jim was still the first M50 to finish.

Only two clubs, Carnethy and Westerlands had enough runners to qualify for the team prize, which is traditionally decided on the cumulative time of the first three runners. Carnethy got off to a great start, with the first and second places, but a strong Westies performance from Don Reid, Murdo Macleod and Scott McKendrick left the race in the balance. The third and final Carnethy counter had to finish inside 4hours 12minutes to give his team the victory. Initial confidence from his team mates gradually faded as the clock ticked round. Westies wondered if they could go back up the course and jump him in the woods. Eventually a rather bemused Gregor Heron finished with 19 minutes to spare, and he was presented with the team cup and a case of beer as he crossed the line.

The lack of ladies running the race is worrying in its own right, but equally worrying was the affect this had on some of the competing males. Pre-race comments included “I’m wearing ladies shoes – does that qualify me for the ladies’ prize?”, “I’ve got really tight Lycra shorts – does that qualify me?”, “If I run like a woman, can I win the ladies’ prize?” This last one prompted the reply from his club mates “No, because you always run like a woman!”

Steffen Gorgas caused much amusement at the finish as cramp set into his tired thighs. As he rolled around on the grass, groaning in agony, he was asked “Have you got the invisible woman lying on top of you?” From the performance she was giving him, she clearly deserved the ladies’ prize!

All the runners commented about the superb service provided by the Isle of Arran Mountain Rescue team, who manned every checkpoint and other places on the route as well, encouraging racers and pointing some disoriented ones in the right direction. As ever, Arran Runners is indebted to the team for their help. Our thanks also to the National Trust Ranger Service for providing and erecting the marquee at the start and finish, plus the use of their facilities in the Ranger Centre. And finally, thanks to the Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd for their donation of the whisky which accompanied the trophies.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0053&RaceYear=2007)
