---
title: "Lochaber's Triple Hirple: The Reindeer Man Winneth..."
date: 2007-07-10
excerpt: "Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) won the Cow Hill Race, with Alan Smith (Deeside) and Dawn Scott (Lochaber) taking the Triple Hirple titles."
---

From Clare Rumgay:

"Lochaber Athletic Club staged their annual Triple Hirple last weekend (7-9 July), this year supported by [R.A. Clement Associates](http://www.raclement.co.uk/). Over eighty athletes/eejits from as far afield as Czechoslovakia and Tillicoultry competed in the Melantee, Half Nevis and Cow Hill. This year, 35 completed all three –17 men and 18 ladies – for the coveted coffee mug.

Smithy did it again, winning the overall title and a rather splendid silver cup. Dawn Scott was an equally popular overall ladies’ winner.

With conditions on Melantee like an uphill version of T in the Park, the 46 runners had to work hard through deep bog and brave a slippery descent. Alan Smith, Deeside, set out his stall finishing looking at ease in 33:14, with Des Crowe, Shettleston, second in 34:28. Lochaber’s Graham Brooks ran an incredible race to finish third (and first male vet 50) in 36:10. First lady was local Dawn Scott (39:27) with Deeside’s Ruth MacKenzie second (40:14) and Lyndsey Shaw third (43:23). Among notable locals were Tarquin Gunn, Ali Kennedy, the ever improving Ian Adams and Niall Clark who finished well despite doing a Glastonbury dive on his way back through the last bog.

Heavy showers didn’t deter 66 hardy souls from taking on the Half Nevis race the next day. In his first race as an over-40, Lochaber’s Davy Rodgers came home first in 57:22, comfortably ahead of Alan Smith at 59:38 and third place Paul MacLean at 1:02:27. Dawn Scott continued a strong weekend finishing first lady again in 1:11:00, with Ruth MacKenzie second again in 1:14:10 and Fife AC’s Sarah Legge just ten seconds behind. A kilted Graham Brooks was first over 50 home, winning the Eddie Campbell cup.

Fifty gluttons for punishment arrived at a sunny Parade on Monday evening for the Cow Hill race. Despite exaggerated complaints of sore and tired legs, a fast and competitive race was run. Colin Donnelly was first in 18:30. Second back was Davy Rodgers at 19:01, with Ruari Watt making a Lochaber 1, 2, 3 in 19:23. Dawn Scott made it three out of three, winning in 22:45, with Oban’s Nicola Meekin second in 24:34 and Lyndsey Shaw third in 25:31. Manny Gorman tried to time his cycle from Kingussie to just miss the start, but helpful organisers delayed the start and helped him change his shoes.

Joan and Colin Wilson chalked up races 16, 17 and 18 towards their 25 for their 25th.

The club are grateful to everyone who helped make this an enjoyable weekend of top class racing and good craic. Thanks go to all marshals and helpers, particularly timing official Dugie MacDonald.

Next race is the [Off Beat Bikes Aonach Mor Uphill](RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0495) – Friday 13th July, 7pm from Nevis Range."

[Cow Hill Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0076&RaceYear=2007)   [Half Nevis Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0075&RaceYear=2007)   [Melantee Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0074&RaceYear=2007)
