---
title: "Scottish Championship update after the two long races"
date: 2007-07-17
excerpt: "The latest Scottish championship positions after the first two races, including team positions, can be seen here (however, for details of the remaining races of the championship, see the Championship sub-menu)."
---

Having the two long races first makes an interesting championship and those strong at distance races have obviously benefited so far. Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy), well known for his success at long races, is in the lead in both the Senior Men’s and Over 40s championship. However, Ian Wellock (HBT) got maximum points at Clova in the Senior Men’s so could challenge Stewart, if he can fit in another 3 races. Stewart could also be challenged by Simon Peachey (Carnethy), 2nd at Stuc a’Choin, and perhaps more likely, Brian Marshall (HELP), 3rd at Stuc a’Choin, who, of course, is a master at the shorter races. Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) is currently second in the Over 40s after two second places and is likely to give Stewart good races over the rest of the series. So quite a lot to play for yet !

Jill Mykura (Carnethy) is way out in front in the Senior Women after two first places. It would need a fit Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston), who was second at Clova, to challenge her. Once again, Fife AC are dominating the Women’s Over 40 championship with the top two, Louise Burt and Jocelyn Scott (they were also 1 and 2 in the championship last year). Jocelyn, also, (as ever !) appears untroubled in retaining her Over 50 title, even though it is early days.

In the Men’s Over 50, the main challenger from last year, Dave Scott (Ochils), has had a great start to go one better this year with two first places to his name. Like Stewart, he is another strong distance runner, so it will be interesting to see how he goes against second place Tom Scott (Fife) in the shorter races. A dark horse, who is capable of winning the other races if on form is former Over 40 champion Martin Laing (Fife). But he might have too much to make up. The Men’s Over 60 is quite open, with last year’s winner Gareth Bryan-Jones taking maximum points at Clova, while Doug Milligan (Solway) did the same at Stuc a’Choin. Meanwhile the current leader is first year Over 60, Tom Bowie (Fife).

Carnethy have taken a commanding lead in both the Senior Men’s team and the Men’s Over 40 Team. Fife are leading the Senior Women’s team from Cosmic and are second behind Cosmic in the Women’s Over 40 team, though have a race in hand.

With both long races now completed, the only people who can eventually claim a championship mug are the people already on the championship list, provided they complete 4 races.

The latest positions are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR_Hill_Running_Champs_2007.xls).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
