---
title: "Druim Fada Chase, 25 November"
date: 2007-11-26
excerpt: "Craig Mitchell (Lochaber AC) and Nicola Meekin (Oban) won over a course that had been re-routed in deference to the conditions.  '"
---

From Race Organiser Roger Boswell:

Nobody turned up for the Over-13's Bunting's Bump race, so nothing to report.

In contrast a record turnout of 58 turned up for the Druim Fada race. Due to heavy overnight rain Roger Boswell the organiser moved the start at short notice so as to avoid crossing a potentially-dangerous river, and this added about a mile to the route, plus an extra 150 feet of climb.

A further half a mile and 100 feet of climb was added by replacing the notorious boggy fire break with the Bunting's Bump loop at the end of the race. The combined effect of the two route changes meant this year's race was 8 miles with 1500 feet of climb, a tough race, and not what most entrants bargained for.

From the start, Ruaridh Watt and Colin Donnelly pulled clearof the field and forged a big lead as they hurtled eastwards on the high-level landrover track. 1000 feet up with magnificent views all around. Unfortunately Roger forgot to warn the runners that the original flags were still in position. Inevitably the two leaders of the race, who were both newcomers, spotted marker flags leading off the hill down towards Achdalieu where the original race starts. Naturally they followed the flags. Ruaridh started pulling ahead of Colin and plunged on and on into oblivion. Colin got suspicious and spotted runners on the track ignoring the markers. He turned around and regained the track, well behind the new leaders, and eventually finished seventh. Ruaridh found his own route to the finish and came 43rd, having run a very long way. Craig Mitchell was surprised to learn he had won the race as he crossed the line in splendid isolation in 58:49, the only runner to break the hour. Nicola Meekin from Oban managed to hold off Dawn Scott by 30 seconds to win the women's race in an excellent time of 1:05:12. Bravest competitor was 17-year old Gavin Rankin who spurned the chance of winning the Bunting's Bump race in order to explore uncharted territory by running his first hill race, finishing last in 2:00:49.

The next Lochaber Winter League race is the Blackwater Dam race, Sunday 2 December starting at 11:00 am from near the Ice Factor, Kinlochleven. 11 miles with about 2000 feet of cumulative climb. Another toughy, entrants must be over 18.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0109&RaceYear=2007)
