---
title: "Dundee Roadrunners' White Tops Hill Race, 6 July"
date: 2007-07-07
excerpt: "The course marking was tampered with but everyone got back intact led by Liston and Gamble.  '"
---

From Race Organiser Gill Hanlon:

"We are fortunate here in Dundee to have the Sidlaws easily accessible on our doorstep and the views are remarkable on a clear day. Since the race was first organized a number of years ago now, the route, although essentially unaltered, has become much more overgrown due to the growth of the vegetation and therefore some of the paths are now more difficult to find.

Friday began as most other days this “Summer” have, grey clouds and rain. However, undaunted by the weather, Harry and Ged donned waterproofs at 9.30am and set off to mark out the route for the evening event returning 3 hours later completely saturated and soaked to the skin but mission accomplished! This rain cannot continue forever, surely? Fortunately, the rain did subside and the event took place with only a little drizzle on and off. Unknown to us as race organizers, between then and the time of the race start at 7.30pm, person or persons unknown saw fit to remove some of the marking tape and stakes used to guide the runners up the hill and reposition it on a different path! We were unaware of this fact, of course, until some of the runners who knew the route finished.

Forty-four runners took part and all finished intact! This was a little down on numbers from last year so perhaps the sodden conditions had put a few people off. The run is not a difficult climb in terms of hill running and the whole event is to encourage runners to come and take part and enjoy the terrain and a different type of running. Over the years we have had many top runners taking part. Last year, 2006, Angela Mudge ran a new course record for the women, 34.36 but Alan Milligan’s record of 31.41 still stands.

Last night’s event was won in 33.50 by Andrew Liston of Fife AC and the lady’s winner was Lisa Gamble also of Fife AC , 17th overall in a time of 41.38.

[Dundee Roadrunners](http://www.dundeeroadrunners.co.uk/) hope that anyone who reads this short report on our hill race will be encouraged to come next July and try it out for themselves. As usual, entry will be on the night at Auchterhouse village hall."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0069&RaceYear=2007)
