---
title: "Tragedy as runner dies in Welsh 1000m peaks race, 2 June"
date: 2007-06-03
excerpt: "37 year old Paul Upton, a father of two, died during the Welsh 1000m peaks race on Saturday."
---

Some of you may already have heard the tragic news that 37 year old Paul Upton, a father of two, died during the Welsh 1000m peaks race on Saturday. Not a lot of details yet but it appears he suffered a heart attack after falling. Our heartfelt condolences go out to his family.

The Welsh Fell Runners Association issued this message:

"The Welsh Fell Runners Association extends its condolences to the family and friends of Sgt Paul Upton who died as a result of an accident whilst competing in the Mountaineering section of the Welsh 1000m Race on Saturday 2nd June. He was a member of a team from the 1st Battalion The Parachute Regiment. This is the first major incident to have occured in the 37-year history of the event which is organised by the Gorffwysfa Club. It is also believed to be the first death to have occured during a mountain race in North Wales."

This is a newspaper report (Western Mail):

"A soldier fell almost 500ft to his death after he ran into low cloud and became disorientated during a punishing mountain race. Sgt Paul Upton, of the 1st Battalion the Parachute Regiment, was taking part in the Welsh 1,000 Metres Peaks Race when he fell to his death on Carnedd Llewelyn above the Ffynnon Llugwy Reservoir, in Snowdonia. The divorced father-of-two was from Middlewich, in Cheshire, and based at Brize Norton.

Rescuers said it was believed the 37-year-old suffered a heart attack after falling hundreds of feet. An RAF rescue helicopter was called to the scene and he was treated with a heart defibrillator. The soldier was then airlifted to hospital in Bangor but was dead on arrival.

The tough race, part of a series of mountain runs, attracts competitors from the Army and running clubs across the country. Organisers say there was an unpredicted change in the weather and the low cloud dropped onto the mountain without warning. Spokesman for the Ogwen Valley Mountain Rescue team Chris Lloyd said the race started on Saturday morning in clear sunlight and the weather forecast made no mention of low cloud. He said, “In the Ogwen Valley in the morning the cloud was down to 1,500ft above sea level so there was a heavy covering.” Mr Lloyd said even if the race organisers had known about the cloud in advance it would still have been perfectly acceptable to go ahead with the event. He said, “I don’t see why not – it was just a bit of cloud. It’s a navigational exercise for them anyway and that’s part of the challenge. “There was no wind or rain and though cloud is an adverse condition, it’s not an extreme condition. You frequently get it on the summits so I see nothing wrong with running the race with a bit of cloud covering. “There were no strong winds and the weather was mild so you just have to take your time and be careful with your navigation.”

Inspector Ian Maxwell of North Wales Police said Sgt Upton was a member of a team of military personnel taking part in the race run jointly by services and civilian organisers. The 1,000-metres challenge has been run in Snowdonia on the first Saturday in June since the 1970s. The inspector said he was sure all those taking part would have been aware how demanding a contest the race can be. He said, “The race has been held for many years and is well known as a tough and challenging event and I’m sure everybody took all the precautions that would be expected.”

There’s also a BBC news report [here](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/wales/north_west/6716565.stm )

Malcolm (Patterson), SHR Secretary
