---
title: "Criffel goes ahead in shortened form"
date: 2007-03-22
excerpt: "The race was won (again) by Brian Marshall in a very good time given the conditions, with the high wind supplemented by the usual high mud! Jill Mykura took the ladies' prize."
---

A report from race organiser, Peter Baxter:  
  
"The PMS Criffel race was shortened following discussion with Moffat Mountain Rescue, although they were kind enough to leave the final decision to the Organiser. With 40mph+ winds on the summit that was an easy decision to make. Given the comments by finishing runners, they thought the decision was the correct one. The summit marshal had to note times from a prone position!  
  
The race was again well-supported by Moffat Mountain Rescue and dogs, although we still managed a few wayward souls on the course. All runners were informed that full safety gear was mandatory. This was easily checked as most people had it on from the start!  
  
The race was won (again) by Brian Marshall in a very good time given the conditions, with the high wind supplemented by the usual high mud! Jill Mykura took the ladies' prize, with Alan Smith, who completed the Chapelgill/Criffel double, taking first Vet 40.  
  
Shirley Singh took FV40 and first mother, getting a flower bouquet for her efforts. Nat Taylor took MV50, with Ian McManus getting the MV60 slot. There were forty runners, who all finished the course.  
  
A excellent warm and pleasant prize-giving in the New Abbey Inn, followed by a quick departure to escape the Borders Blizzards, was required. Thanks to Hope Vere Anderson the Landowner and Elsie and Hamilton, the latter being press-ganged into marshalling following his late arrival.  
  
A reminder to all runners: "Organisers' liability insurance is at risk if runners do not carry appropriate gear."  
  
Check out: [http://xtreme-element.blogspot.com](http://xtreme-element.blogspot.com) for some pictures.  
  
Full results are in the Results section.
