---
title: "Whitehead family double at Meall a'Bhuachaille, 17 November"
date: 2007-11-18
excerpt: "Dan and Claire Whitehead were the first man and first woman in a record field over a slightly-modified course.  '"
---

From race organiser Russell McKechnie:

The weather forecast was again terrible, on the day it was windy but at least the rain kept away and visibility was good. Record numbers turned up for the race which for the first time caused queues at registration. Thank you registration ladies you coped commendably.

Due to building work the race route at the start had to be changed, making the route slightly longer, but the fresh line to the new path on the descent from Creagan Dubh probably evened things out. The junior race was first with 13 enthusiastic youngsters taking to the hill the majority of which were from Cairngorm Biathlon Club. These youngsters made short work of the route with speed and attitude. One of the wee lads looked like he was running in pain “I’ve got a stitch but no way am I going to stop”. I messed up the junior race prize giving as in my haste I grabbed the registration order list instead of the finish order. To much amusement the youngsters sorted the race positions themselves!

In the main race Dan and Claire Whitehead were winners with Dan fittingly winning the Dave Miller Memorial Trophy. Alasdair Anthony was second and Brian Marshall third. In the ladies’ race Ruth Mcgavigan, taking a rest from cycling, was second and Miranda Grant from the Black Isle was third. There was also a double in the team prize with HBT winning both. A special well done to William Spark for being the first M70 to complete the race.

With Scotland hosting the Commonwealth Games in 2014 there has to be a chance for a hill race to be included in the events. The race must take part in the Highlands on a great hill in a spectacular location. As most of the events will be held in the central belt it gives the Highlands a chance to get a small slice of the Games cake.

[Senior](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0110&RaceYear=2007) and [Junior](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0554&RaceYear=2007) results.

[Photos by Ian Hay](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157603245236934/)
