---
title: "Kintyre Way Relay coming up on 11 August"
date: 2007-08-05
excerpt: "Details of this new event, coming up next Saturday, 11 August."
---

Here's some information from the organiser, Rob Reid, about this new event:

KINTYRE WAY RELAY

Saturday 11 August 2007, starting 6am

Tarbert – Campbeltown, 66 miles

Run as: team of 3 (approx 3 x 22 miles)

OR team of 2 (first 22, then remaining 44)

OR solo entry (full 66)

or possibly subdivided further - can be flexible, please discuss with me. But the only manned checkpoints are as below.

Unsupported, i.e. please bring your own support -

\- to meet you at checkpoints

\- to fetch you down off the hills if need be.

Runners must be suitably experienced - if in doubt, please ask.

Checkpoints:

GR 866 687 Tarbert, Fish Quay

GR 766 561 Clachan, crossing A83

GR 796 413 Brackley, Forestry Commission car park

GR 720 207 Campbeltown, War Memorial (on the Green)

Entry fee: £10 per person. Every runner receives hi-vis mesh bib. This is a memento, but also must be worn during sections on or near any public road (GREAT CARE needed on A83).

You need to bring:

\- Map - O S Landranger 62/68

\- Compass and whistle (in case mist comes down … path is sometimes indistinct)

\- Windproof full body cover

\- Mobile phone (but note: some places out of reception, depending on network)

You might also like to bring:

\- Tent, if you fancy camping here (near Kennacraig)

\- Food and drink, if coming to après-race evening

\- Guitar or whatever (same reason)

No prizes, apart from being acclaimed on website! and personalized certificate.

FAQ -

Which is the hardest part?

\- Claonaig-Clachan, is by far the hardest: hilly, boggy, easy to get lost.

Why not the full Kintyre Way, to Dunaverty (Southend)?

\- because Campbeltown-Machrihanish section is lethal (fast traffic, no pavement/verge).

Time to allow?

\- as a rough guide, for a good runner: 5, 4, 4 hrs for the 3 sections. Final time limit 8pm.

Accommodation?

\- see [here](http://www.kintyreway.com) + I have info on some other places.

Rob Reid 07712 828106
