---
title: "Schmidt and Lennox take main titles at squally Scottish Co-op Goatfell, 19 May"
date: 2007-05-21
excerpt: "Jethro Lennox (Shettleston) won and Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston) was the first woman at Goatfell, which this year incorporated the **scottish**athletics Championships.  '"
---

The Scottish Islands Peaks Race may have been abandoned but Goatfell went ahead as planned, with squally showers of rain-cum-hail sweeping across the mountain.

Jethro Lennox (Shettleston) led from the start and survived a tumble half-way down the descent to win his fourth **scottish**athletics title by 22 seconds from Alasdair Anthony (Ochils), who himself had been deprived of a medal in last year's Championships by a fall near the finish. Grant Stewart (City of Edinburgh) was third and Murray Strain (HBT) overhauled Carnethy's Simon Peachey and Stewart Whitlie to come in fourth. Whitlie was the first M40 (winning him his fifth **scottish**athletics M40 gold medal in a row), Jim Stevenson (Irvine) first M50 and Dougie Milligan (Solway), back after a two-year absence enforced by a ruptured Achilles tendon, first M60.

Goatfell is the first of the six races in the new Scottish Hill Runners U23 Championship. Andrew McCall (Grennock Glenpark) and Matthew Sullivan (Shettleston), seventh and 25th overall, are now the early leaders in it. The Championship listing can be seen under the Championship menu or [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR_Hill_Running_Champs_2007.xls). The next race is [Eildon](RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0065&System=Metric&Month=6) on 23 June.

Bellahouston's Elke Schmidt, who was fifteenth woman in last month’s London marathon in 2 hours 47 minutes, had another fine run to win the women's race by over 6 minutes from Dawn Scott (Lochaber), with Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) a couple of lengths further back in third and Sarah Legge (Fife) in fourth. The leading vets were Linda MacEwan (Lochaber; F40) and Jocelyn Scott (Fife; F50).

Carnethy narrowly won the **scottish**athletics men's team title from HBT, with Bellahouston third. Carnethy were aided by the bad weather: Adrian Davis, their third counter, was to have been in the Scottish Islands Peaks Race but his boat pulled out just before the start. Jill Mykura (Carnethy) was less fortunate; having completed the run on Mull she returned on her boat to Oban but wasn't able to land there and had to wave goodbye to on-shore husband Willie as he dashed off for Arran.

Bellahouston, with Helen Stuart and Emma Birnie backing up Elke Schmidt, took the **scottish**athletics women's team title; Fife AC were second and Lochaber third.

The inaugural **scottish**athletics Inter-District Men's prize went to the South-East (Stewart, Strain, Peachey, Whitlie, Wellock, Davis) and the Women's to the South-West (Schmidt, Stuart, Birnie, Millar), with the South-West also collecting the Combined (Lennox, McCall, Richmond, Cummins, Ross, Patterson, Schmidt, Stuart, Birnie, Millar).

[Slide-show of finishers](http://www.arranonline.com/linkout/o.php?out=http://web.mac.com/janattkins/iWeb/Goat%20Fell%20Race/PART%20ONE.html)     [Photo Report](http://www.carnethy.com/ri_results/misc/pr_goatfell_2007.htm)    [More photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157600291023104/)

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0037&RaceYear=2007)    [Inter-District Results](Download.aspx?Item=Goatfell2007_InterDistrict.pdf)
