---
title: "Ochil 2000s this Saturday - final details"
date: 2007-08-20
excerpt: "Final details for this Saturday's Ochil 2000s. Entry on the day is available for runners with their own transport."
---

Final details for this event from organiser Alex King:

The coach for the Ochil 2000’s is now full, but we will accept entries on the day from anyone who is prepared to arrange their own transport to the start.

Registration is at the Gannochy Sports Centre at Stirling University starting at 9:30am, with the coach leaving for the start at 10:45. There will also be an opportunity to register at the Start at Glensherup Car Park in Glen Devon at 11:30 – can you let me know if you want to register at Glensherup by emailing 0chil2000@ochilhillrunners.org.uk.

Race Equipment: You are required to carry a Map Whistle and a Compass along with Full waterproof body cover along with some food. We also recommend that you carry some money with you, if you retire from the race, the easiest way back to the university is to catch on of the Busses travelling along the A91 to Stirling.

Race: A list of the Hills and their Grid references will be supplied at registration along with race safety info. Race Starts at 12:00 and follows a taped route until you get onto the open hill. The route from there is unmarked except the summits until you are halfway down Dumyat where the last mile into the University will be marked.

After the Race: Showers are available at the Gannochy Sports Centre, along with Soup and a Roll. Prize giving will take place sometime in the afternoon, because of the length of the race and the spread of times it may happen before everyone has finished.

Hope you enjoy the race

Alex…
