---
title: "Reports for 28 July (re-posted)"
date: 2007-08-09
excerpt: "For technical reasons we've re-posted this News item, with short reports on Lee Pen, Ben Rinnes and the Snowdon International."
---

**Lee Pen**

The Lee Pen Hill Race at Innerleithen saw some competitive running in the men's and women's races. Geraint Florida-James was first man and Kate Jenkins first woman.

If anyone has a set of results could they please forward them to us? Thanks.

**Snowdon International**

Jethro Lennox was sixth overall and the first member of the Scottish team to finish, followed by Stewart Whitlie (11th), Simon Peachey (13th) and Andy McCall (49th). Alan Smith (Deeside) was just in front of McCall.

Jill Mykura was sixth woman, Sonia Armitage eighth and Dawn Scott thirteenth. The women's team finished second to England, as did the men's.

[Full results](Download.aspx?Item=Snowdon2007.pdf)   [Standard results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0514&RaceYear=2007)

**Ben Rinnes**

In keeping with the wet summer of 2007, weather conditions for the Ben Rinnes race at Dufftown Highland Games were poor - heavy showers, low cloud and a very strong and cool NW wind on exposed sections. The games field itself was near waterlogged and there had been a real risk of the whole games being cancelled on the previous Thursday.

Thankfully the race survived as did around 60 runners who completed the 5 Tops course, with Brian Marshall pulling away from Dave Cummins towards the end to win comfortably, Stuart Simpson taking 3rd spot. In the ladies race, Hilary Holding (Carnethy) had a fine win over Ruth Mackenzie (Deeside).

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0082&RaceYear=2007)
