---
title: "Red Moss Revolution rounds off Bog and Burn Series, 15 August"
date: 2007-08-16
excerpt: "Donald Naylor (HBT) and Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston) won on the night, with John Stevenson (Ochils) and Angela Mudge (Carnethy) taking the Series.  Final rankings for 2007 Bog and Burn Series:  '"
---

The new Red Moss Revolution was the final act of this year's Bog and Burn Series. It was perhaps more of a trail race than some would have liked, but Don Naylor (HBT) won't mind for he led the 78 finishers for most of the circuit, winning in 35:27. Alasdair Anthony (Ochil) was second in 36:12 and Kenny Richmond (Bellahouston RR) third. Bellahouston had another podium finisher: first woman Elke Schmidt (39:36). She was followed by Catriona Buchanan (Central AC), who was also runner-up in the Junior Women's WMRT Trial last Saturday, and Sula Young (Highgate Harriers).

[Results](http://scottishhillrunners.uk/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0501&Year=2007)  |  [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157601489456491/)

The final results for the Bog and Burn Series are:

Men:

1: John Stevenson (Ochil), winning the famous Bog and Burn _Water Crail_ trophy; 2: Steven Fallon (Carnethy); 3: Dan Gay (HBT).

Women:

1: Angela Mudge (Carnethy); 2: Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston); 3: Val Houston (Westerlands).

Final rankings for 2007 Bog and Burn Series:

[Full Results](http://chris-upson.com/bogandburn/2007/BogBurn2007_v10.htm)  |  [Women-only Results](http://chris-upson.com/bogandburn/2007/BogBurn2007_v10_women.htm)

Message from Red Moss race organiser, Jamie Thin

\----------------------------------------------------------------

Hi Folks,

Here are a few words on the Red Moss Revolutuion while I'm still suffering from my 3 pints after the race!!

Great turnout, 78 finishers out of 80 starters. Not bad for a new race and the Bog and Burn decider!! New race records from Don Naylor and Elke Schmidt

Jon Stevenson (leading the Bog and Burn series) relaxed after he saw the big turnout - the chance of his competitors beating his point score for the series diminshed with the big turnout. (Jon didn't make it round but suspicously DNF'ed with Morag from the Trotters!) (Jons excuse was he had a tooth abscess.. not sure what Morag's excuse was .. probably too much Trottette clean living during the Festival !!)

The weather was kind after the forecast of rain and gales and we got some glorious evening sunshine. Fast start up the road through the 'avenue of pain' ... what the locals call the road up from Red Moss to Bavelaw Castle which is an unforgiving gradient through an avenue of beech trees, then onto a fast grassy track and up on to Hare Hill.

Manny Gorman had to win or come 2nd to win the series so in true showman style set off at 5k pace up the road, soon to be hauled back by Don Naylor and the fast boys. The climb up to Hare Hill is a bit too runnable for true hill runners .. so Des Crowe was heard to grumble he wanted to climb Black Hill too, but the rest of us were glad to slide our way down the mud into the knee deep bog at Greencleuch and then take the contouring path round Black Hill!

From there it is a fast finish on path and track across the causeway and back round Threipmuir reservoir.

Thanks to Ivor and Will who braved the midges to man the start and finish, and allowed the race dis-organiser to escape and run the race. Thanks to Mark R. for marshalling at the top of Hare Hill. This was an unmarked course with only one marshall, so thanks to all the runners for not getting lost and making a light-weight race work!!

Thanks to everyone who brought their own unique number , or brought their own pins... a little less to land-fill.
