---
title: "Junior Home Internationals, Wales, 7 October"
date: 2007-10-08
excerpt: "Results '"
---

There's a factual report on the Scots' performance [here](http://www.scottishathletics.org.uk/index.php?p=17&itemType=news&itemId=3086") and the full results (individual and team) are [here](Download.aspx?Item=BritishJuniorChamps2007.pdf).

Team Manager Mike Pearson fills in some of the other details:

Abergavenny is not the easiest venue to reach, particularly from Aberdeen. The only way for us to arrive fresh and in daylight so as to recce the course was to fly. That’s my excuse for going over budget anyway.

Our accommodation was very grand, at least on the outside: an imposing country house turned into an outdoor centre. That meant large bedrooms stuffed with bunk beds; girls in the nice rooms, boys in the servants' quarters. We shared the venue, and some refreshments after the athletes had gone to bed, with the Welsh team management. Surprisingly, the Welsh had the best rooms.

Teams were of four, with three to count, but we only managed teams of three. There was also an U14 race for individuals, not national teams. We had three male and three female U14 invitees, with two U16 ‘raiders’ as well.

The choice of venue created certain practical difficulties, being accessed by a steep single track road with few passing places. There was major congestion after the race. There had also been difficulties in other aspects of the arrangements, largely because the organiser was virtually single-handed.

As far as the results were concerned, we were unfortunate to miss the U16M team gold medal. However Alice Haining’s performance in the U14 event made up for it.
