---
title: "Brown power at Turnhouse, 23 July"
date: 2008-07-24
excerpt: "Murray Strain and Claire Gordon (both HBT) break the men's and women's records in winning the penultimate Bog and Burn race.  '"
---

From race organiser Andy Kitchin:

Seventy-seven runners turned out for Turnhouse on a balmy summer's eve to enjoy this perfectly-formed little race.

After last year's shenannigins the organiser adapted the course marking to cater for the "free spirited" nature of the Scottish hill runner. First the juniors set off on their out-and-back course, followed a couple of minutes later by the main field, with warnings of dire consequences if there was any trampling of the youngsters ahead. After a brief interlude and with HBT leading the race Mr Wall appeared to bring up the rear for HBT too - he set off with a 6-minute deficit.

The junior runners returned with Jacob Adkin winning in 9:34, Helen and Ruth Rogers completing the podium placings.

Meanwhile, with the field led by an orienteer, as the runners climbed Turnhouse and crested the ridge it was clear that he was also capable of following a taped route and thankfully everyone else was capable of following him. Unable to get lost Murray Strain came home in a new record of 25:35. Claire Gordon kept the HBT thing going with a new women's record of 30:41. First vet was Martin Dean of Forth Valley Orienteers. Dick was unable to close the 6-minute gap despite some impressive bounding up the climb to Turnhouse.

One or two prizes of a choccy bar and a fruity drink were distributed but these were wholly insufficient to replace the estimated 40,000 kilocalories burned and 50 litres of sweat sweated.

Race organised by and to raise funds for the British Orienteering Squad; many thanks to all the runners.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0520&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157606345789225/)
