---
title: "Results for 22/23 March"
date: 2008-03-22
excerpt: "Chris Russell, Sarah Legge and Emily Fitzpatrick (all Fife AC) took the honours on Norman's Law, whilst Ricky Lightfoot (Ellenborough AC) and Shirley Singh (Unattached) led the way on Criffel. Race report and results for Craig Dunain now both available."
---

**Norman's Law and Emily Hill**, 22 March

Chris Russell (Fife AC) regained the Norman's Law title he won two years ago when he beat 126 others (including fifty of his club-mates) on a cold but dry day. Sarah Legge made it a double for Fife AC by finishing first woman.

First place in the Emily Hill Junior Race went to the appropriately-named Emily Fitzpatrick (Fife AC), a couple of seconds ahead of Central AC's Roisin Bonucchi with Cameron Thomson (Fife AC) a further four seconds adrift in third.

[Results: Norman's Law](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0022&RaceYear=2008) | [Results: Emily Hill](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0543&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos from Norman's Law](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604214010063/)

**"PMS" Criffel Hill Race**, 23 March

From Race Organiser Peter Baxter:

Despite the possibility of bad weather the field was up on last year, with 48 runners both starting and finishing. The Moffat Mountain Rescue had little to do but watch the steady passage of runners, although their presence always adds to the Organiser’s comfort factor. There was some snow higher on the hill although the general feeling was that the course was “drier” than some years. Some runners must float better than others.

Ricky Lightfoot led both up and down to win in a time of 54:26. Adam Anderson took second place and first Vet 40. Third was Iain Houston in just over the hour. Don Reid was first MV50 in sixth place, pulling back two places on the descent. MV60 was local Dougie Milligan from Solway.

Three ladies took part, with V40 Shirley Singh taking the honours, followed by Senior Sarah Laing in next place, with third going to Wendy Kelly. First Junior was the Moorfoot runner Mark McLeod in a creditable 13th place.

Thanks to the Abbey Arms for use of facilities and landowner Hope Vere Anderson for access. Special thanks to Elsie for once again braving the summit winds to record summit times, and Keith Adams and Drew Turnbull for controlling the finish. Another successful Westies Production!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0020&RaceYear=2008)

**Craig Dunain race**, 22 March

The wintry conditions from overnight and morning abated for the 2pm start to the race, which ascends the small hill overlooking Inverness, much of it run on the Great Glen Way. The 45 runners were predominantly local, although commiserations are due to Craig Mitchell who got stuck in traffic driving across from Aberdeen, missed the start by 3 minutes but quite possibly ran the fastest time of the day.

The men's race turned out to quite a tight affair with Paul Rogan (Forres Harriers) and Dave Cummins (HHR) battling it out at the front for all the climb and the first part of the descent until Paul's superior leg speed allowed him to open up a comfortable winning gap by the end. Matthew Alexander (unatt) came third. In the ladies race, Mari Todd (HHR) enjoyed a comfortable victory well clear of 2nd placed Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy).

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0023&RaceYear=2008)
