---
title: "Back-to-back wins for Andrew Symonds over the Lomonds of Fife, 17 August"
date: 2008-08-19
excerpt: "Andy Symonds overtakes Brian Marshall to win again; Lucy Colquhoun is first woman.  '"
---

From Race Organiser Alan Graham:

"There were days before and after the race they would have needed water wings but again we were lucky. The sun shone (not on top of the hill!) and it didn’t rain too much. Seventy five lined up at the start (correction 74 - Fabienne thought we started at two!).

It’s a steep climb up the west with the rabble disappearing into the mists and reappearing disgustingly soon for the tough traverse round to the forest with no-one quite sure if they are on the best line (the sheep have it sussed out - follow the trods). The next section is a varied forest trail up to the monument and on to Craig Mead (sorry Manny someone did remove our tape). Back on to the old route now out to East Lomond with Brian Marshall holding a decent lead and Andy Symonds and Tom Owens chasing. The wee dog-leg out to the iron age fort of Maiden Castle gives scope to pick up ground (or lose it) and then its the long slog back to West Lomond with tiring legs. Andy and Tom were steadily pulling up on Brian and by the descent were ahead.

From the finish the sight of the leaders descending was truly spectacular. This year some of the runners were employing increasingly inventive ways to protect their rear ends (on the descent) but most were just enjoying the ‘unprotected’ experience. Well done Andy on a second victory but Tom and Brian definitely had you in their sights!

Lucy Colquhoun arrived well in the lead amongst the ladies with Val Houston in second place as first vet and Jocelyn Scott in third as first over 50. Manny Gordon did well to take the male vets prize with Gordon Pryde of Lomond celebrating his recent 50th as first supervet.

(I have a black bum bag with all the gear if someone wants to claim it -tel 01337 831425)"

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0196&RaceYear=2008)
