---
title: "SHR Scottish Championship Update after Bishop Hill"
date: 2008-03-04
excerpt: "Last time the championship started at Bishop Hill three years ago, 100 turned out, this time it was 180. Such is the demand for SHR Championship Mugs ! ....."
---

Last time the championship started at Bishop Hill three years ago, 100 turned out, this time it was 180. Such is the demand for SHR Championship Mugs ! For anyone who didn't run here, the other short is at Knockfarrel on 12th April and you will need to run there if you want to earn a mug.

With Bishop Hill being such a short race, positions can change considerably by the end of the season, but it gives a guide on who has had a good winter. None better than the 2004 and 2006 Scottish champion, Jethro Lennox (Shettleston), who easily won from a quality field. If Jethro is aiming to carry on with his sequence of a win every second year, he made the perfect start !

For the rest, some of last year's champions started well in defence of their titles: Douglas Milligan (Over 60s), Elke Schmidt (Senior Ladies), Stewart Whitlie (Over 40s), Fife Ladies (Senior and Over 40s teams) and Carnethy Men (Over 40s team) all carried on where they finished last year with a win, though Elke and Stewart had to work hard for it - Elke being second behind Claire Gordon (HBT) at the summit and Stewart only catching Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) well down the descent.

Others found it harder going as newer younger versions came on the scene. So in Over 50s, Dave Scott (Ochil) had to settle for 3rd behind Malcolm Patterson (Shettleston) and Martin Laing (Fife), while Jocelyn Scott (Fife) was pushed down to 2nd by Christine Menhennet (Westerlands). In the Over 40s, Louise Burt (Fife) was replaced by new Over 40s, Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) and Ruth McKenzie (Deeside). Carnethy men's team were beaten into second by a team of youngsters from Shettleston (plus Des Crowe (!), who is desperately trying to keep fit enough to keep in front of his son, Jamie, who was first Under 23 !). Good to see so many clubs turn out the this event and also the first female Under 23 finisher we've had, Sarah MacKenzie, one of 8 Lochaber women who made the long trip to Bishop Hill.

Standings after one race [here](Download.aspx?Item=Scottish Hill Running Champs 2008.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
