---
title: "Inter Counties Fell Race - Belmont Winter Hill 10th May 2008"
date: 2008-02-29
excerpt: "The four Scottish Districts have been invited to compete in this year's Inter-Counties Fell Race."
---

From Mark Johnston:

The UK Athletics Inter Counties Fell Race will take place at Belmont Winter Hill (4.5 miles 1000ft) near Bolton on Saturday 10th May. The current course record is held by Anglo-Scot Neil Wilkinson. Teams of 4 male and 4 female runners have been invited to compete from the 4 Scottish Districts\* - Central, East, West and North. Selection of the teams will take place on Monday 14th April and will mainly be based on form from recent races, in particular Carnethy 5, Bishop Hill and Knockfarrel.

Selected athletes will be provided with District Vests for the competition. There will be no official travel/accommodation arrangements for the event, so team members will be required to make their own arrangements. However, there will be funding available from scottishathletics towards this (level of funding to be confirmed).

If you want any more information about the event or want to register an interest in running please contact : mark\_johnston(AT)tiscali.co.uk.

\* The Scottish Districts can be defined using the old Scottish Regions as follows...

Central - Central, Fife, Tayside; East - Lothian, Borders; North - Grampian, Highland; West - Strathclyde, Dumfries & Galloway

The District you qualify for is based on your club, and if not in a club then residency.

\----------------------------------------------

Watch a video of the 2007 Race [here](  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik85N8AnaPk) (though it only shows the road section at the start!)

You can also view the route if you have Google Earth [here]( http://www.minnellium.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/05/belmont_-_winter_hill_fell_race.kmz)
