---
title: "Results and reports for 19 April"
date: 2008-04-19
excerpt: "Alasdair Anthony (Ochil HR) and Veronique Oldham (Norham AC) retain their titles at the Hunters Bog Trot. Brian Marshall (HELP) does the same at Clachnaben, with Sonia Armitage (Cosmic HB) first woman."
---

**Clachnaben Hill Race**

Report from the organiser:

"We had a sunny day for the Clachnaben hill race on Saturday 19th April. A cool easterly wind but fine running weather. The first finisher was Brian Marshall (HELP) in 1.23.48. Alan Smith of Deeside was second and first M40 in 1.30.54. Both thought the conditions under foot were fast except for the especially long heather off the shoulder of Clachnaben. Craig Mitchell (Lochaber), a newcomer to the race, was 3rd (2nd MS) in 1.31.44. Sonia Armitage (Cosmics) was first women (and first F40) and 16th overall finishing in 1.46.01. She was closely followed by another local runner Helen Johnston (Deeside) in 1.46.37, also F40. Ruth McKenzie (also Deeside) made it a trio of F40 in the top three women. First male V50 was Tom Scott and first female V50 was Jocelyn Scott, both running for Fife. The winning mens team was Carnegie, who as usual had a strong showing - its part of their club grand prix. Cosmics took the women's team prize. We had 63 runners with everyone finishing and all cakes eaten. "

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0028&RaceYear=2008)| [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604625477533/)

**Hunters Bog Trot**

Last year's winner Alasdair Anthony (Ochil HR) was content in the leading quartet until it had reached the Crags for the first time. He then headed off on his own, opening up a gap which had reached comfortable proportions by the finish. The champion in 2006, Grant Stewart (Edinburgh AC), was second and host Club HBT's Don Naylor third. Course record-holder Phil Mowbray (HBT), in fifth, split the Carnethy pair of Simon Peachey and Stewart Whitlie (the first M40).

Veronique Oldham (Norham AC) easily held on to the titles she won last year: first woman and first F40. Lisa Gamble (HBT) and Briony Curtis (EUH&H) were the next two women to finish.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0029&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604620718224/)
