---
title: "Caerketton Downhill Race"
date: 2008-09-18
excerpt: "On a wet and slippery course, Al Anthony won the Caerketton Downhill Race in 5:16.   '  '"
---

**17th September  
Caerketton Downhill Race 18.k, 300m descent**

Things seemed somewhat back to front at last night’s Caerketton Doonhiller. In a normal race it is pretty obvious who has won when the winner breaks the tape so to speak to the great acclaim of the watching masses, or at least the time-keepers. In the Doonhiller, folk set of in a random order at 15sec intervals so we have to wait until the number crunching is done on Spenco’s laptop before we know the result.

But just as the crunching was nearly complete, we were still waiting for one runner to finish. After several minutes of anticipation the said runner appeared from the gloom with an escort of support runners to receive the roaring adulation of the entire field. A course record had indeed been broken, Robin Thomas (HBT) had achieved the slowest ever completion of the 1.8km 300m descent, finishing in 17m25s, adding a staggering 1m42s to the old record! It seemed fitting that the last should be first, so before his pulse rate had dropped below 100, Robin was first up in the lucky dip prize draw. With plenty beer on offer this year it was somewhat unfortunate that the HBT icon won a bottle of wine for his efforts. Variety is the spice of life I guess.

At the sharp end, Al Anthony (Ochils) had returned to try and wrestle back the overall course record he had held for 12 seconds last year. It’s been a difficult year for Al having to accept being second best to record holder Ian Wellock (HBT). Unfortunately he faced the lushest grass and muddiest tracks ever known in the race’s 7 year history, so did rather well to miss out by only 5 seconds finishing in 5m16s. World Trophy teammate Grant Stewart (Edinburgh) set of 15 seconds ahead of Al to act as rabbit and managed to finish 6 seconds ahead to record the second fastest time of the night, with former course record holder Bruce Smith (Carnethy) putting in another fine performance for 3rd overall and 1st vet.

The women’s course record holder Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) put herself at a disadvantage by turning up late, missing registration completely and dashing up the hill to arrive within a minute of the last start time. She set of from the cairn at great pace, being well warmed up, but unfortunately was completely knackered by the time she reached Hillend cairn! She did enough though to win by just 2 seconds ahead of Carnethy’s Fiona Lowrie.

It was an all Wilkinson affair in the junior race with Owen pipping brother Trevor. Both know the course very well having run it 4 times each previously. With 26 prizes (+ spare chocolate) to cover the record field of 37 runners, most folk went home with a reward for their suicidal efforts. Unfortunately Al will have to wait another year for a chance to regain that elusive record!

Mark Johnston

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0184&RaceYear=2008)
