---
title: "Results for 26 April"
date: 2008-04-26
excerpt: "Results from the World Long Distance Mountain Running Challenge (The Three Peaks Race) - won by Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H); Beinn Ratha; the Highland Fling, with three new records; and the Knockdhu International, with numerous Scottish first places."
---

**World Long Distance Mountain Running Challenge (The Three Peaks Race)**

Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H) had a marvellous win in the Three Peaks Race in Yorkshire, which this year doubled up as the World Long Distance Mountain Running Challenge. His Clubmate Tom Owens (on this occasion running for Mercia FRC) was second and Joe Symonds (down as Kendal AAC) ninth.

Angela Mudge (Carnethy HRC) was second woman (46th overall), beaten on the day by the Czech Republic's World Champion Anna Pichrtova.

[Results](http://siera.sportident.co.uk/threepeaks/results.php?course=Long)

**Beinn Ratha Hill Race**

First home was local runner Graeme Taylor (Caithness AAC), who was entered as a guest. First prize went to the next to finish, Steven Worsley (Highland HR). The leading woman was the course record-holder Martine Hughes (Caithness AAC).

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0031&RaceYear=2008)

**The Highland Fling**

Both Jez Bragg and Lucy Colquhoun (third overall) retained their men's and women's titles, both breaking the records they set last year. Rob Reid also broke the M60 record.

[Results](http://www.highlandflingrace.org/) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604761943148/)

**Knockdhu Home Internationals**

The Scottish teams seem to have won just about every prize. Matthew Gillespie and Scott MacDonald were first and second Junior Men, with Jessica Martin first Junior Woman. Colin Donnelly, running as a Senior and not a Vet, won the International Race, followed by Dan Whitehead (second) and Simon Peachey (fourth). The first official Vet was David Rodgers in fifth; the next two were Des Crowe and Alan Smith. Claire Gordon, Dawn Scott and Alison Docherty were first, third and fifth Senior Women.

Team Manager Mike Pearson reports:

Though not far from Scotland this event is difficult to organise. One minibus and one hostel should be all that’s needed, but work commitments and different starting points mean that travel arrangements were many and varied, and subject to last minute revision. Things got off to a poor start as the minibus had no fuel, when many garages had run out. Fortunately Morrisons had a gallon or two, and the delay was helpful to one competitor who had to chase after us instead of getting on at the start. We made it to Cairnryan, only a few minutes after check-in closed, but still managed to board.

Race day dawned with Colin Donnelly last down for breakfast from the formidable Miss Graham of the B&B we have used since the beginning of time. The Donnelly Fitness Plan seems to be to cram it as much as possible of everything, as close to the race time as possible. It seems to work.

This is a race the English have not taken part in since the year the lead runners (mainly English) were misdirected by an ignorant (or crafty) marshall, and ran half a mile off course. No connection needless to say.

The results, a commentary and links to photos are on www.larneac.co.uk. I won’t repeat them other than to say that we won almost everything with Colin Donnelly and Claire Gordon first male and female. Excellent results all round. Except, sadly, for Steven Fallon – injured but kept on running anyway, making it worse, and for Lana Turnbull (raid), who ran her own (shorter) version of the course.

Our hospitable hosts were generous with the prizes, even to our junior ladies team of 2 (3 to count). Perhaps a leprechaun invisible to the team manager ran along with them to make up the numbers. The evening’s entertainment finished earlier than usual as the juniors, as though governed by single intelligence, all suddenly decided that they were really tired. They don’t make adolescents like they used to. Or perhaps they sneaked out to the nightspots of Larne as soon as they team manager’s back was turned.

On Sunday the event organiser Mervyn McCollam kindly took us to the hills around Belfast for a recreational run (recreational for the squad, rather harder for the team manager trailing a long way behind). A good weekend.

[Results](http://www.larneac.co.uk/)
