---
title: "Lennox and Schmidt make short work of Bishop Hill, 2 March"
date: 2008-03-02
excerpt: "Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H) and Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston RR) both set new course records in winning the first race in this year's SHR Championship.  '"
---

Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H) more than made up for the disappointment of just missing a medal in last weekend’s Scottish National Cross-Country Championships with a convincing win in the Bishop Hill Race, the opening counter in this year’s SHR Championship. He led from the start, survived the biting wind on the summit and was out-of-sight of his pursuers by the finish – which he reached in 17:29, 32 seconds inside the course record. Andy Symonds (Carnegie H) was second in 18:12, whilst Alasdair Anthony (Ochil HR) and Simon Peachey (Carnethy HRC) overhauled Joe Symonds (Dundee HH) on the final descent to finish third and fourth. Last year’s SHR Men’s Champion, Brian Marshall (HELP), was sixth.

In a closely fought three-way battle, Shettleston won the team prize, ahead of Carnegie and Carnethy.

Elke Schmidt (Bellahouston RR) began the defence of her SHR title with a victory in 21:54, a new women’s record. She was given a real run for her money (or perhaps it was wine) by Clare Gordon (HBT), who had the consolation of being the first woman to the summit. Dawn Scott (Lochaber AC) was third and Sarah Legge (Fife AC) fourth.

The M40s produced the familiar 1-2 of Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy HRC) and Colin Donnelly (Lochaber AC), and the M60 prize went to last year’s SHR Champion, Dougie Milligan (Solway RC). There was a ‘new’ M50 winner though: Malcolm Patterson (Shettleston H). Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy HRC) just pipped Ruth MacKenzie (Deeside R) to be first F40 and Christine Menhennet (Westies) was similarly not far ahead of defending SHR Champion Jocelyn Scott (Fife AC) in the F50s.

The junior race, to the gate at the top of the wood and back, was won by Rachael McIlwraith (Lothian RC) from Fraser Reid (Westies).

There was a large turnout of around 180 despite the cloud and wind – thanks from all to Alan Graham (Lomond HR) and his team for a grand start to the 2008 SHR Championship.

[Senior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0018&RaceYear=2008) | [Junior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0563&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604036442955/)
