---
title: "International Trials and Triumphs, 22 June"
date: 2008-06-27
excerpt: "There were some good results for Scots in the Trials for the GB team for the European Championships and in the Marco Germanetto Junior International in Italy. Three Scots are in the GB team...."
---

**European Championship Trials**

The Trial Races for the GB team for the European Championships in Germany on 12 July were held at Sedbergh on 22 June. The team will consist of up to four men and up to four women, the first two in the Trials being automatically selected.

Joe Symonds was the first Scottish man to finish, in fourth, and therefore must be in with a chance of selection. Jethro Lennox (8th), Alasdair Anthony (9th) and Grant Stewart (11th) also ran creditably. Jill Mykura was the only Scottish woman to feature, in ninth.

Scots featured well up in the junior races, Matthew Gillespie (Central) was 3rd, whilst Kilbarchan teammates Jessica Martin and Christina Rankin were 2nd and 3rd. All three must wait and see if they get the selectors' nod.

STOP PRESS \*\*\*\* Three Scottish athletes - Joe Symonds (Dundee Hawkhill Harriers), Matthew Gillespie (Central AC) and Jessica Martin (Kilbarchan AAC) - have been selected, with Gillespie and Martin making their GB debuts. Congratulations to them all.

[More info](http://www.scottishathletics.org.uk/index.php?p=17&itemType=news&itemId=3573)

**Marco Germanetto Junior International**

Scotland’s Junior Men did very well to come third, behind Italy and Russia. Robert Simpson was eighth overall, Robert Inglis eleventh and James Waldie twenty-first. Unfortunately the Junior Women’s team was reduced to two and could only finish seventh. Deborah Stokoe, having originally been selected as the reserve, was a very commendable overall fourth, with Rachel Armitage sixteenth.

[Results](http://www.atleticasusa.it/memor2008/Nazioni.pdf)
