---
title: "Marshall wins the anniversary Stuc a'Chroin, 3 May"
date: 2008-05-04
excerpt: "Brian Marshall (HELP) won the twentieth anniversary race, with Elsie Riley (Westies) the first woman.  '"
---

The twentieth anniversary of the Stuc a'Chroin Race attracted over 120 runners. Here's what four-times winner Stewart Whitlie had to say about it:

"Another superb day out at Stuc for one of the best-organised events on the calendar. The weather was a lot better than forecast and although the going was heavy in parts it stayed dry throughout with a near-perfect temperature for running and clear views. The course was once again perfectly-flagged with several litres of Highland Spring (one of the sponsors) and jelly babies being made available to runners every mile or so. In terms of the race itself, Simon Peachey and Joe Symonds set the early pace out on the track with myself, Brian Marshall and Alec Keith in hot pursuit. The lead swapped a few times before the drop into Glen Ample where Brian and Simon steamed ahead with Alec and myself slipping down the hill in pursuit. Joe pulled out at this point with hamstring problems following his efforts the week before at the Three Peaks. I managed to catch up with the leaders on the Ben Each climb and Simon and I shared the lead out to Stuc with Brian in close pursuit. Coming off Stuc, Brian used his trademark descending skills to open up a gap with Simon not far behind. Meanwhile I was using my trademark descending skills to drop off the back! I managed to keep them in my sight on the climb out of Glen Ample but didn't have the legs to catch them up. Simon was trying hard to bridge the gap but never quite managed and finished second (for the third time in a row) just a few hundred metres behind Brian. I managed to hang on to third and had a less stressful time than in previous years running down the track without having to look over my shoulder!

The post-race soup was superb as ever - thanks again to the organisers and marshals for putting on such a great event. Definitely recommended if you have not tried it before."

The first woman was Elsie Riley from Westies, followed by Carnethy's Jacqui Higginbottom and Susannah MacMillan (Unattached).

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0033&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604876556218/)
