---
title: "Shettleston win the Devil’s Burdens Relay by a whisker, 26 January"
date: 2008-01-26
excerpt: "Martin Graham (Shettleston) just held off Ochil’s fast-finishing Ross Houston, whilst Bellahouston had a little more to spare in retaining the women’s title.  '"
---

The burns feeding Loch Leven were all in spate, warning of the conditions lying in wait on the Lomonds – deep puddles and masses of mud. The strong west wind brought a chill to the proceedings, but at least it left the rain behind for the duration of the race.

The Burdens must be the biggest gathering of hill runners in Scotland every year and as usual the staff work was a great tribute to Fife AC. Given there were around one hundred teams taking part the stories of triumph and disaster are still coming in, but here for the time being are the headlines:

Shettleston had a narrow lead at the end of leg 1, dropped several places on leg 2 and then played their trump cards on the long leg 3: Jethro Lennox and new recruit Tom Owens (who won the Angus Munro race last July in his Mercia vest). But _the best-laid schemes o' mice an' men gang aft agley_ and Shettleston must have lost a precious minute with a mishap at the final change-over. It nearly cost them the race, for Ross Houston (Ochils) was within touching distance of Martin Graham (Shettleston) at the finish. Carnethy came in third, with Bellahouston hot on their heels in fourth.

Bellahouston’s ladies set off strongly in the defence of the title they won last year and opened up just enough of a gap on the first two legs to keep Carnethy’s flyers on legs 3 and 4 at bay. Fife AC were a well-deserved third.

[Provisonal Results](http://uk.geocities.com/fife_ac/devilsburdens2008results.htm "Provisional results only") | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157603796538426/) | [More Photos](http://s2.excoboard.com/exco/thread.php?forumid=58600&threadid=1772148)
