---
title: "Greenmantle Dash, 2 January"
date: 2008-01-02
excerpt: "On a rather dreich day 91 runners completed the 26th running of the '  '"
---

The [Scottish Hill Racing web site](http://www.scottishhillracing.co.uk/RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0012) describes the route beautifully: "Starts with a mad sprint from the Broughton Brewery to hurdle a stonewall, across playing fields, hurdle fence, wade river, negotiate marsh, cross road. Breathe. Then up through turnip fields before hitting the base of the steepest hill. Struggle up this and turn with juddering legs to hurtle precariously back down, and wind up for the final dash along the road to the village hall. Then catch your breath again."

First to catch his breath again, after 17 minutes and 52 seconds, was James Tullie (EUHH), perhaps better known as an orienteer. He was followed by the leading M40, Stuart Sanderson (Penicuik H), then Bob Wiseman (Ochil HR) and the second M40, Des Crowe (Shettleston H). Robert Inglis (Lothian RC) had a fine run for an M16 to finish eighth overall, two places ahead of the equally-remarkable M13 Jamie Crowe (Dundee HH).

The ladies' race went to Judith Turner (Carnegie H), with Ellen Homewood (Westies) adding yet another to her burgeoning tally of second-places, F16 Scout Adkin (Moorfoot R) third and Gillian Carr (Corstorphine) fourth.

The prize-giving resembled an off-licence on Hogmanay, with the winners staggering away under the weight of the [local produce](http://www.broughtonales.co.uk/). Perhaps the most deserving of them all was Bill Bennet (Penicuik H). He missed the inaugural race because he didn't know about it, but to make up has completed every one of the 25 since then.

The main race was preceded by the Greenmantle Gallop Fun Run, which 18 juniors and one senior all finished with smiles on their faces.

[Senior](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0012&RaceYear=2008) and [Fun Run](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0453&RaceYear=2008) results
