---
title: "Mid-Summer Bog and Burn - Big Turnout for Red Moss Revolution"
date: 2008-06-25
excerpt: "After the weekend rain, the Pentland hills and cleuchs were in fine condition for the 7th counter in the Bog and Burn series.  '"
---

After the weekend rain, the Pentland hills and cleuchs were in fine condition for the 7th counter in the Bog and Burn series. With the bog at Green Cleuch catching many folk by surprise... even folk from the West were heard to mutter in the pub after .. that the Pentland cleuchs were a worthy match for the Campsie Bogs!

This was the second running of the 9km race from Balerno. At request of the landowner, the race was brought forward to June to avoid the Grouse season, and we were rewarded with some fine evening sunshine.

The top 2 finishers were reversed from last year, with Al Anthony (Ochil) just beating Don Naylor (HBT) by 16 secs, and if the timekeepers are to be believed Al set a new record of 35:25 , 2 seconds ahead of last years marker of 35:27. Tom Owens (Shettleston) was 3rd in 36:02.

(It has to be admitted that the race timekeeper was Sinead Thin (age 8) who managed to re-set the stop-watch half-way through the race while jumping in puddles and dodging the midges at the finish. The clock was duly re-started and then we had to do the difficult maths to add 2 sets of times together!!)

The Mens team prize was comfortably won by the Bellahouston Road Runners who packed well to finish in 4,5, and 6 th places (Kenny Richmond, Matt Williamson, Dougal Ross)

Chris Upson (Westies) was first V40 in 9th place (39:19)

In the ladies race there was a good turnout from Edinburgh Uni Hairies - with Rosie Smith finishing in 39:56 , first lady , 10th overall and also first U23. Lucy Colquhoun (Carnethy) was 2nd Lady in 44:05, and 3rd lady was Ellie Homewood (Westies). Edinburgh Uni won the ladies team prize (3 to count).

Other notable performances were a sprint finish between Joanne Thin (Carnethy) and Dick Wall (HBT), and a special prize went to Alison McQuillen (Forth Valley Orienteers) who was last finisher in 72 mins and as even orienteers can do , got lost and ran an extra km at the back of Threipmuir reservoir.

Thanks to everyone for turning up and making the most of the evening sunshine. Also many thanks to the Landowners, and to the Marshalls (Megan on the top of Hare Hill, Ali who was sweeper and Andy who helped at start and finish) Plus thanks to Paul at the Grey Horse Inn in Balerno who provided hot soup for all finishers.

Cheers, Jamie

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0501&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157605820631000/) | [More photos](http://www.stevenfallon.co.uk/redmossphotos.html)
