---
title: "The Highland Boundary Hill Races, 7-9 March"
date: 2008-03-10
excerpt: "Ross McLennan was the series winner for three new races in three days, all starting in Dunkeld, and organised by Adrian Davis.  '"
---

From organiser Adrian Davis:

The first running of the **Highland Boundary fell and trail races** proved most popular at the weekend with 16 runners completing all three races.

The first race through the Hermitage and along the **River Tay** was eventful as a number of runners took a wrong turn but eventually found their way back on course, moving downstream this time!! The race was close with Ross McLennan (27.19) proving just too fast for Martin Dean (27.49). They were pursued home by Angela Mudge (31.09) and Richard Hessey but the superior headlights in this race made quite a difference! Claire Gordon was second lady and Joan Wilson first over 40 lady.

The second race **Birnam Hill** is a true hill race through lovely birch then pine woodland before emerging above the trees onto Kings Seat. The descent is a good mixture of rocky knolls, steep grassy descents and trails with a rough wet rocky section to negotiate before the undulating finish at the Beatrix Potter garden. Prasad Prasad led from start to finish followed closely by Brian Marshall and Angela to the summit before Brian applied his usual downhill technique to close in on Prasad but he pulled away comfortably at the finish in a time of 31.55, quite impressive as I'd predicted 33 minutes for this one! Angela was comfortably third again in 33.47 and first lady with Mairi Todd running well for secong lady (10th overall).

The final race up and down **Deuchary Hill** stayed dry but passes through some lovely grassy trails and up to the rocking stone. Unfortunately someone removed the tape after this for a few miles, which made orienteering quite interesting especially for those that did not know the route. However the scenery looking north along the Tay to Ben Vrackie and beyond is stunning and a light sprinkling of snow on the hills too. The orienteers proved their route-finding prowess by pulling ahead near Deuchary Hill and Ross McLennan (1.36.03) clinched his second victory of the weekend but not by much as he was chased hard down the track by Hector Haines (1.36.08). Angela sealed her consecutive third places in 1.38.42 and was in fine form all weekend. Mairi Todd ran well to finish 10th and second lady again.

The **overall positions** indicated the abilities of the women, as Ross McLennan held off a strong challenge from Angela Mudge, and Mairi Todd was third overall beating all the other men! The local soup and marshalls made it a great few days and the pasta party and beer on Sunday night made an enjoyable weekend for all. Hopefully we'll get increased support for the event next year.

[River Tay Dash](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2008) | [Birnam Hill](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&RaceYear=2008) | [Deuchary Hill](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2008) | [Overall](http://shr.uk.com/Resources/ResultsFiles/HighlandBoundaryRaces2008.xls) | [Photos from Deuchary Hill](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604078748488/)
