---
title: "Scots shine at Borrowdale, 2 August"
date: 2008-08-04
excerpt: "Jethro Lennox (Shettleston) finished third in this British Championship race, whilst Dawn Scott (Lochaber) and Jill Mykura (Carnethy) were second and third women. The result leaves Jethro in with a great chance of a 2nd place in the British, with one race left.  '"
---

Borrowdale was the fifth of this year's six British Championship races. Its a classic route traversing 17 miles of the finest Lake District terrain including a visit to the highest place in England, ie Scafell Pike, which is in Wainwright's words "the mecca of all weary pilgrims". Thats probably not how most of the 460 runners in Saturday's race saw it, after they'd traversed miles of rough, wet ground to reach the top only to be faced with more miles of rough stuff and navigational challenges in the mist-shrouded tops.

Up front there was plenty of quality and plenty of drama. Rob Jebb forged an early lead and maintained this until the summit of Great Gable, but threw away his hard earned advantage by a costly detour in the mist. This allowed the experienced Simon Booth to take control of the race and he was never again troubled, winning the race for the 11th time, surpassing the ten wins of the great Billy Bland. The legend himself was the first to congratulate Simon, though he took comfort in retaining the race record for yet another year.

Whilst Rob went astray and Simon got away, there was a fiercely fought battle for second place, with Jethro Lennox maintaining an advantage over Lloyd Taggart until the final section over Dale Head, where the Dark Peak runner was just too strong. Jethro was still deservedly pleased with 3rd in a top quality field, beating amongst others British champion Rob Hope, and thus gaining some consolation for his defeat at Hope's hands in the final stages of the Mourne race in April.

Christine Menhennet adds:

"It was a trip down memory lane from when I was wee – so there I was feeling quite nostalgic up until I spotted Wendy Dodds at Esk Hause Shelter at which point I started to feel competitive. I was feeling strong as I went passed her (not realising that she’d had a recent clavicle operation and wasn’t that fit!). Plans of just jogging round were abandoned when I realized that I had gone well wrong off Scafell (who put all those boulders there within the last 20 years?!) and that Wendy and all the other girlies I’d passed earlier had got ahead again. I girded my loins and pushed hard for the rest of the race to recover all the places I’d lost. It was a classic race – I loved the course, the mud, the beer and feeling tired but not gubbed – I was just sorry to miss the chance to dance the night away afterwards! "

Notable Scottish results included:

Overall: Jethro Lennox (Shettleston), third.  
FS: Dawn Scott (Lochaber) and Jill Mykura (Carnethy), second and third.  
F40: Helene Whittaker (Carnethy), first.  
F50: Christine Menhennet (Westies), third.  
M45: Alan Smith (Deeside), third.

These results mean that, in terms of the British Championship standings with 1 race to go (Dufton on Aug 30), Jethro is 2nd behind Rob Hope, who cant now be caught. Jethro is guaranteed a top 3 place, but could still be overhauled by Morgan Donnelly for 2nd. In the Ladies Jill is 4th and Dawn 6th. Davy Rodgers is 8th V40, Dougie Milligan 5th V60 and Carnethy Ladies are 4th team.

[Results](http://www.keswicklakedistrict.co.uk/fellraces/Race%20Results%202008.htm)
