---
title: "The Glorious 25th Two Breweries"
date: 2008-09-28
excerpt: "Al Anthony and Lucy Colquhoun took the honours in a dramatic 25th Two Breweries race.  '"
---

It was a dramatic day's racing befitting the 25th running of the Two Breweries race from Traquair to Broughton. The drama began shortly after the runners had left the grounds of Traquair House, with the traditional side step around the closed gates - still no sign of Bonnie Prince Charlie coming back to open them up. On the first climb to Orchard Rig, Stewart Whitlie and Jethro Lennox led an unsuspecting band of followers into the head high bracken, and the air was blue as they fought to extricate themselves and rejoin the main party. Meanwhile it was the seasoned veteran and much decorated Colin Donnelly who was making a determined bid to prevail over the young pretenders. Another pitstop and detour at Glenrath saw Lennox and Shettleston team-mate Tom Owens once again playing catch up as Donnelly and Al Anthony pushed on. By Stobo it was Lennox and Anthony locked in combat, having opened up a gap on their pursuers. Despite a final navigational wobble coming off Trahenna, Anthony managed to shake off the tiring Lennox, and the Ochil runner finished in 2.47.58. Just over a minute behind, Lennox had the consolation of not only doing enough to secure the individual SHR Championship, but also leading his Shettleston comrades of Tom Owens, Matt Sullivan and Dave Cummins to the team prize and victory, albeit shared with Carnethy, in the overall championship.

There was an equally dramatic conclusion to the Ladies race. Jill Mykura and her Carnethy team-mate Lucy Colquhoun were together turning off the road at Stobo, but on the hell that is Trahenna Lucy was much the stronger, coming home in 3.12.35, over 5 minutes ahead. Jill, like Jethro, had the consolation of knowing that the result gave her the individual championship title, and Carnethy the team title, supported by Jacqui Higginbottom.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0103&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos from Trahenna](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157607545152443/) | [Photos from first climb and last descent](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157607551376693/)
