---
title: "Marshall in command on Goatfell, 17 May"
date: 2008-05-18
excerpt: "Brian Marshall (HELP) and Dawn Scott (Lochaber AC) took the main honours in the 'Scottish Co-op' Goatfell Hill Race.  '"
---

Brian Marshall (HELP) regained the "Scottish Co-op" Goatfell title he held two years ago with a commanding run in Saturday's race. He won in 1:18:40 from Edinburgh University's Hector Haines (1:24:20) and Ales Drahokoupil (1:24:42). Fourth and first M40 was Ambleside's Jon Deegan.

In the women's race Dawn Scott (Lochaber AC) beat Jill Mykura (Carnethy HRC) by one-an-a-half minutes in 1:26:25. Lochaber also took third, fourth and fifth places, thanks to Amanda Blackhall, Sarah Mackenzie and Linda MacEwan (the first F40).

**Here's the view of Race Organiser Paul Emsley:**

In many ways I'm the wrong person to rite this report. From my perspective, 85 runners ran round the Ormidale sports field in Brodick and set off up the road towards Goatfell. At scattered intervals later, runners returned down the road and ran round the sports field again. For all I know, they could have been sitting in the playground of Brodick Primary School, drawing lots to see when each runner should return!

Clearly, Brian Marshall drew the winning ticket, and from the casual way he finished, five minutes ahead of the next runner, he might just have spent the hour in the school playground. This was Brian's fourth win in six years. Hector Haines and Ales Drahokoupil, both orienteers from Edinburgh University, finished second and third. Backing them up, in ninth place was Ben Cole, giving the students the team prize.

Dawn Scott followed her 2007 second place with a win in 2008. Lochaber had a clean sweep of the Ladies' categories, with Linda MacEwan winning F40 and and Nancy Kennedy F50. Amanda Blackhall, also of Lochaber, was third lady, with Jill Mykura spoiling the Lochaber rout by taking the second lady prize.

In the veteran men's categories, Jonathan Deegan had a successful venture north of the border, taking the M40 cup back to Ambleside. Paul Thompson was first M50, with Eddie Dealtry winnng the M60 race.

Just to prove they did go up the mountain, a number of runners commented on the deterioration in the condition of the Goatfell track. Much time and money has been spent in recent years, resurfacing the entire route. The winter rains have removed much of the fine gravel which was packed between the stones, leaving a cobbled surface in many places - definitely not easy to run on - and not going to get any better. A number of runners returned with spectacular cuts and grazes, but in all cases, after showering off the blood and dirt, decided the wounds did not need the services of the St Andrew's Ambulance team. Even better from the organiser's point of view, the Mountain Rescue Team had a quite day, only being needed to bring down one twisted ankle.

[Results](http://shr.uk.com.95.seekdotnet.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0037&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157605118369156/)
