---
title: "Prasad puts on a fine show at Gargunnock, 7 June"
date: 2008-06-08
excerpt: "The winners of the inaugural Gargunnock race, part of the local Show, were Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale H) and Hazel Dean (Central AC).  '"
---

The Gargunnock Show is a well-established annual event, but this was the first time there's been a hill race at it. Here is race organiser David Hay's report:

"A field of 71 runners completed the inaugural Gargunnock Show Hill Race on Saturday under clear skies and soaring temperatures. The race was dominated by some superb front running from senior men’s champion Prasad Prasad from Clydesdale Harriers in 30:45, almost 3 mins clear of Highland Hill Runners' Graeme Campbell 33:39, followed closely in third by Adam Ward (Carnethy) - first male vet in a time of 33:58.

The ladies' title came down to a sprint finish between Bellahouston's Iona Robertson 38:16 and Central's Hazel Dean with Hazel just clinching it in 38:13. Hazel was also first lady vet. It was 1, 2 and 3 for Central in the junior male category after superb runs from local lads Alexander Coubrough 38:02, Ross Milne 39:23 and Roddy Irvine 42:03. First junior lady, also from Central AC in a time of 38:40, was Catriona Buchanan. Catriona it was confirmed earlier this week had been selected as part of the Scottish team for the Marco Germanetto Memorial Junior race which takes place in Italy later this month.

I would like to extend my thanks to everyone who turned up to support our new event and I would welcome feedback from anyone who took part."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0561&RaceYear=2008)
