---
title: "Mither Tap, 17 July"
date: 2008-07-18
excerpt: "Dan Whitehead notched up his 3rd win of the week with 1st place at Bennachie's Mither Tap in a record time of 32:04.  '"
---

Dan Whitehead notched up his 3rd win of the week with 1st place at Bennachie's Mither Tap in a record time of 32:04.

**Mither Tap Race 2008 Report by Jason Williamson:**

One year this race will be held on a dry evening. For three years now we have ran this race and the conditions have always been drizzle with a high slip factor. However with the addition of a revised descent route (request of FC) across challenging terrain with similar distance , Dan Whitehead (Cosmic), pulled 2 minutes of his record with blood to proof it. Young Robbie Simpson (Banchory and Stonehaven AC) was never far away with a fantastic time of 32:27. The next groups of runners came in around the 35 minute mark being led by Alan Smith (Deeside Runners) in a time of 35:18.

The women’s record was also broken this year by Briony Curtis (Edinburgh Uni AC) in a time of 41:50, with Helen Johnston (Deeside Runners) second in a time of 42:20 and third was Lois Noble (Cosmic) in a time of 43:46.

Appreciation goes out to the Forestry Commission and Pittodrie Estate for permission to run the race.

Finally, a big thanks to all the Marshalls: Ewen Rennie, Keith Varney, Cameron Leel, Linn Family; Time Keeping: Fiona Dahl and Registration: Ashley Jamieson, Anita Hamilton. I should also thank Harris and Clyde Williamson for helping to flag the route in a record breaking 4 hours.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0546&RaceYear=2008)
