---
title: "Donnelly and Mudge triumphant at Ochil 2000s, 23 August"
date: 2008-08-24
excerpt: "Colin Donnelly led home 172 runners in the latest SHR (long) Championship race on Saturday in a new record time, just staying in front of a fast finishing Kenny Richmond. Angela Mudge was dominant in the ladies race, finishing 5th overall and breaking the female record by around 45 minutes in the process.  '"
---

Despite the recent wet weather, weather conditions for the second running of the Ochil 2000s race were good, with crucially (for most runners at least), no mist and cloud to test navigational skills. A very impressive field of 172 runners all completed the race and race organisation throughout was excellent. Many thanks due then to Alex King and rest of his Ochil HR organising team.

In the men's race, Stuart Whitlie (Carnethy) and Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) were soon fighting it out at the front and leading the field along at a cracking pace. These two stayed together right up to the final tough climb up to Dumyat, but on the descent, Colin pulled away and was a worthy winner but perhaps surprised to have to put in a sprint finish to hold off the very fast finishing Kenny Richmond (Bellahouston). Colin set a new record of 2.47.44, knocking some 13 minutes of the 2007 record, though conditions were much improved on last year. Stuart finished 3rd, whilst David Riach (Westerlands) had a great run to take 4th.

To nobody's great surprise, Angela Mudge was victorious in the ladies race, finishing in a time of 2.51.33 and in 5th position overall. There were also fine runs however from Jill Mykura and Andrea Priestley, 2nd and 3rd ladies respectively.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0496&RaceYear=2008) | [Split times](http://www.ochilhillrunners.org.uk/static.aspx?id=o2res2008) | [Photos from Dumyat](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157606920562225/)
