---
title: "Bartlett's record first attempt at Tap O' Noth, 16 August"
date: 2008-08-17
excerpt: "Graeme Bartlett (Forres) breaks the course record and Veronique Oldham (Norham) equals the women's record...  '"
---

From Race Organiser Simon Beeson:

"A good turn out for the 2008 Tap O' Noth Hill Race with 48 runners, I think if my memory serves me right that's the best ever turn out - maybe it was the Olympic spirit that pulled in the runners?

An excellent day for running. The rain had held off and the temperature was just about right although a little blustery on the top. I think the wind had helped to dry out the course as it was very wet the day before when I was marking it out.

It was obvious with the names that registered that this was to be a fast race. Graeme Bartlett who lives just 20 miles away made this year his first attempt at the Tap O' Noth and Robbie Cammack who also made his first run at Rhynie.

Done with the usual pre-race brief the runners sped up the Cabrach road half a mile before turning sharp right into the lower fields and the uphill climb before crossing a low style and onto the hill proper. Graeme and Robbie pulled clear early on and from the village green back in Rhynie you could see the pair skylined on the shoulder of the Tap. At the top and turn, both were neck and neck but Graeme let loose and pulled clear of Robbie managing to maintain over a 30 second lead to the finish smashing the old course record by 1 minute and 8 seconds.

Veronique Oldham managed to equal Ruth Mackenzies' course record and she manged to stay well clear of her nearest rival throughout the race.

One thing to note this year was that we had a reasonable turnout of 'youngsters' (I say youngsters reservedly as the older I get the more 'youngsters' there are!) which was nice to see.

See you next year on the 15th August."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0094&RaceYear=2008)
