---
title: "Boxing Day's results: Cruim Leacainn and Cockleroy Chaser"
date: 2008-12-28
excerpt: "David Rodgers and Dawn Scott (in a new course record) won at Cruim Leacainn; whilst 9-year old Ross McKinnell and 11-year old Alice Horsbugh were the first two in the Cockleroy Chaser Fun Run.  '"
---

**Cruim Leacainn**

From Roger Boswell:

I don't know what they have for breakfast, but Dawn Scott and David Rodgers won the women's and men's races by a street. Dawn smashed the female record by nearly 3 minutes. She embarrassed Paul MacLean, by beating him to the top, though Paul did save his reputation by catching Dawn on the descent. Visitor Heather Dawe from Ilkley came second in splendid isolation nearly 6 minutes behind Dawn, and then it was nearly 5 more minutes before Nix Forster, who is no slouch, led home 15 more grls, all beauties. Elma Murdoch dropped out after twisting her ankle and Clare Rumgay stopped to help her off the battlefield; thanks Clare.

In the men's race, Donald Paterson set of like a greyhound. The first half mile is tarmac, Donald is not a road runner, so he paid for his over-enthusiastic start losing ground and places on the climb; Alan Smith thought Donald was going backwards as they neared the summit. David Rodgers soon took control of the race, he cruised up and down with a big lead, to finish just 12 seconds outdside his own record. Behind David, Ruri Watt and Tom Smith were going great guns, ding dong all the way back. On the finish line it was hard to judge who got the verdict, maybe Ruri by a vest. This duel made it hard for Ross Bannerman, first claim club Highland but in this race he wore his second claim Lochaber colours. Ross thought he had a shout of catching Ruri and Tom, but at the end he had to settle for fourth, just 20 seconds back. Meanwhile Donald Paterson had got on to his favourite ground, a rough pell mell descent, he plummeted down to finish a creditable seventh.

Great weather, great fun, remember Cruim Leacainn, Torlundy, Boxing Day 2009. Next race is the Aonach More Uphill race from Nevisrange 1100 on New Year's Day.

**Cockleroy Chaser Fun Run**

From Martin Hyman:

Many thanks to Lesley the entries, Ted the clock. Douglas and other marshals and any one else who helped. Particular thanks to Neal Drummond, International Athletics Federation smile prize awarder and to Sweat Shop for donating Superior Race Numbers

Thanks also to all who finished with a smile, and particularly to the very young and the senior athletes who were willing to challenge Cockleroy hill.

Apologies if the results are a dog’s breakfast, owing to the fact that the Fun Run disorganiser was far too old to cope. If your names are miss-spelled or your times or positions are wrong, please let him know. If it cannot be put right, please feel free to demand your money back.

[Cruim Leacainn](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0111&RaceYear=2008) | [Cockleroy Chaser Fun Run](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0425&Year=2008)
