---
title: "The Hill Running Commission seeks District Co-ordinators"
date: 2008-03-24
excerpt: "Would you like to help hill running by becoming a District Co-ordinator and joining the Hill Running Commission?"
---

The Hill Running Commission would like to appoint four new volunteer District Co-ordinators. They will be full members of the Commission with a specific remit to liaise with clubs and promote the work of the Commission in their district. They will work with the selectors in picking District teams, advising particularly on athletes’ form in local races, and act as a central point of communication with team members. The Commission normally meets 5-6 times a year in Edinburgh. It is hoped that teleconferencing facilities may become available in future to help minimise travel for members residing outwith the central belt. (Minutes of the Commission’s meetings are posted [here](http://www.scottishathletics.org.uk/index.php?p=51).)

Scottish District teams will be selected to run in the Inter-Counties Fell Race to be held in Lancashire on 10 May and it is hoped that the co-ordinators will be in post in time to help with the selection and support of these teams.

For this purpose the Scottish Districts can be defined using the old Scottish Regions as follows...

*   Central - Central, Fife, Tayside
*   East - Lothian, Borders
*   North - Grampian, Highland, Orkney Islands, Shetland Islands, Western Isles
*   West - Strathclyde, Dumfries & Galloway

The co-ordinators should be members of clubs active in hill running within their District and of **scottish**athletics. Those interested in taking on this role should contact David Armitage, the Commission’s Convenor, at the following address: 7 St Ninians, Monymusk, Inverurie AB51 7HF; Tel 01467 651532.

Informal telephone enquiries would be very welcome from those wishing to find out more about the work of the Commission and the role of the Co-ordinators.

(This message is also on the **scottish**athletics web site [here](http://www.scottishathletics.org.uk/index.php?p=17&itemType=news&itemId=3388).)
