---
title: "Keith has a great time on Ben Kenneth, 3 August"
date: 2008-08-05
excerpt: "Alec Keith (HBT) wins the Ben Kenneth Hill Race on South Uist.  '"
---

From Ian Binnie:

The annual Ben Kenneth Hill Race was held in perfect conditions on Sunday night at 7.30pm. As usual a large crowd of spectators turned up at Lochboisdale pier to cheer on the 33 competitors who took part. A high spring tide meant a longer run for the non-swimming runners and also meant that those who chose to swim the sea channel also had an energy sapping time in the water.

The race was won by Alex Keith from Inverness running for the first time in a very respectable time of 37 minutes 12 seconds followed home by local previous winner Donald Alan MacLellan in 40 minutes 30 seconds with Donald MacPherson from Benbecula 3rd in 41 minutes 08 seconds. Fourth was David Gumley from Glasgow after attending to his best man duties at a wedding on the Friday with further celebrations on the Saturday evening in 41 minutes 32 seconds and fifth was local lad Angus Campbell from Iochdar, in his first race in a time of 41 minutes 40 seconds.

First lady went to Molly Alexander in 57 minutes 59 seconds who promised that she would be back to defend her title next year with Joanna Matthews second in 64 minutes 50 seconds, Joanna having travelled from Leicestershire.

The winner, a solicitor from Inverness, commented “I have run in races throughout Scotland and this event has a unique atmosphere. The welcome from the spectators when you approach the finish line on the pier with the applause and the hooting of car horns is something I have never experienced before. I thought it was great.”

At a lively prize giving at Lochboisdale Hotel the Ben Kenneth Shield for the first local was presented to Donald A MacLellan (who also won the Jim Cross Memorial Shield for the first competitor over 40 years of age) by Donald Steele of Lochboisdale, whose family have supported the event by competing over many years with two of his sons having travelled from the mainland to take part this year. Each competitor was presented with a unique Ben Kenneth Hill Race medal produced by [Uist Crafts](http://www.uibhist.com/home.html) and a certificate to mark their achievement.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0565&RaceYear=2008)
