---
title: "Results and reports for 12/13 April"
date: 2008-04-15
excerpt: "Results and race reports now available for Knockfarrel Screel and Cioch Mhor."
---

**Knockfarrel Hill Race**, 12 April

Knockfarrell, lying just outside the pretty Highland town of Strathpeffer, was the venue for the 2nd SHR Championship counter of 2008. The wet and cool weather of the previous few weeks made for very muddy conditions, with the run out/in along the old railway line particularly wet. Thankfully, the showers held off for the race itself allowing the top men in particular to still record some very competitive times.

Nearly 150 runners completed the race, a record by some margin. Jethro Lennox (Shettleston) led from the start and was never troubled, coming home only a mere 8 seconds outside the long standing course record. Fellow team-mate Tom Owens also had an excellent run to finish 2nd with Al Anthony 3rd. Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) put in another superb run as 1st V40, finishing 4th overall, with Stewart Whittliea little way back taking 2nd V40 position.

Dawn Scott enjoyed a fine victory in the ladies race, managing to stay clear of Jill Mykura. Jacqui Higginbottom maintained her fine early season form to finish 1st V40 female, with Louise Burt 2nd.

Many thanks to new race organiser Henry Blake who did an excellent job on the day. Not content with organising a Championship race, Henry is setting out on a sponsored Lands End to John O'Groats cycle next week - and hoping to complete it in 5 or 6 days! Wish him luck !

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0025&RaceYear=2008)

**Screel Hill Race**, 12 April

From Race Organiser Douglas Milligan:

This year's race attracted 39 runners - a reasonable entry given the clash with Knockfarrel and local football team Queen of the South's playing at Hampden Park in the semi-final of the Scottish Cup.

The race started with junior Nick Emsley from Arran leading Colin Glencorse as they came out of the trees for the climb to the summit. Adam Anderson, renowned for his steady starts, took Colin for second place, followed Nick up the climb and passed him just before the top. Adam went on to win the race, with Nick in second and Colin third. Mark Whitelaw put in a last effort down the forest road but failed to catch Colin. First Solway runner Ian Murgatroyd was overjoyed with his race, taking a minute off his best time dispite the muddy conditions.

With Adam's winning the race and now turned 40, Andy Fairgreive from Annan picked up the vet 40 prize, Richard Unwin from Keswick took the vet 50 prize (he races Screel every year enjoying the different terrain). Jim Buchanan took the vet 60 class with an impressive time as he has just turned 70. Shirley Singh was first lady in 20th place, finishing very strongly, with Julie Cartner second - an impressive effort as it was her first hill race. A good day's racing was had by all.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0021&RaceYear=2008)

**Cioch Mhor Hill Race**, 13 April

From Race Organiser Alex Brett:

"Highland Hill Runners held their Cioch Mhor Hill Race from Tulloch Castle to the top of Cioch Mhor (The Pap) and back, a route involving various terrains and a double river crossing.

The organisers had anticipated a larger entry than usual following the Scottish Hill Runners Championship Race at Knockfarrel the day before, but numbers were the same as in 2007, with 25 taking part in the senior race and one junior in that particular event.

Prizes were donated by George Cockburn and Son, Butchers, Dingwall, and included several of their speciality - the haggis."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0052&RaceYear=2008)
