---
title: "Bob Graham success for Ochils"
date: 2008-07-05
excerpt: "Dave Scott and Andrea Priestley from Ochil Hill Runners successfully completed the Bob Graham Round last weekend, despite poor weather and a few route finding difficulties."
---

Dave Scott and Andrea Priestley from Ochil Hill Runners successfully completed the Bob Graham Round last weekend (June 28th/29th), despite poor weather and a few route finding difficulties.

Andrea made it back in around 23:40 and Dave 23:51, keeping everyone guessing until the final dash to the Moot Hall ! The pair had fantastic support from other club members and their families, without whom the attempt would not have been possible.

Dave is raising money for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust.  
Please donate at [www.justgiving.com/dcbscott](http://www.justgiving.com/dcbscott)

_Report from Dave Scott:_

"What a weekend ! Great effort from everyone involved. Pacers included Dave Murray (legs 1 & 2), Eddie and Derek (leg 3), Viv and Bob (leg 4), and Ron, Pete, Al, Paul and Mark (leg 5). Fantastic road crossing support from Lisa and Carol and everyone else. Apologies if I have missed anyone. Many thanks to everyone who made it happen, it would not have been possible without you !

Conditions were not promising prior to start, raining and low cloud, but plenty of other teams were assembled at the Moot Hall. Dave, Andrea and myself made good progress however until Dollywagon Pike on leg 2, 20 mins up on schedule but then came off the wrong side of the ridge and lost most of this advantage by Dunmail. Cloud down to about 600m so had to nav most of way.

Leg 3 went Ok until the Scafell complex, when a couple of nav errors and Broad Stand problems lost us about an hour, so by Wasdale we were about 30 mins down on our 23.5 hours schedule ….. so the pressure was on.

We held roughly to schedule on leg 4 despite missing the path up Gt Gable and clambering up loose scree thoughtfully gifted by Bob and Viv ! At Honister it was still touch and go with just over 3 hours to go and about the same on the schedule. By this stage it was definitely over to the pacers to get us home. At least it was clear over the last 3 summits, but head torches needed to get down off the hill.

A final stop in Newlands to change into road shoes and then for the final haul to Keswick. Andrea made it in about 23:40 (plenty of time to spare !!) whilst I dragged my heels and came in at about 23:51, keeping everyone on tenterhooks until the last !

Quite a few other dramas and stories to tell along the way, more detailed report in due course, but one notable incident concerned Eddie’s pinkie, which nearly came unstuck courtesy of a falling boulder near Ill Crag. He showed me a bloody glove at the time but shrugged it off in typical Eddie style. A bunch of first aid later and a visit to Whitehaven hospital for a few stitches seem to have saved the digit for another day ! Look after it Eddie !"
