---
title: "Donnelly turns the tables on Marshall at the Manor Water, 11 October"
date: 2008-10-12
excerpt: "Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) wins the John Nash Trophy; Ruth McKean (Unattached) is the first woman.  '"
---

Colin Donnelly (Lochaber)'s Indian Summer continued at the Manor Water, where he finished first with Brian Marshall (HELP) second, thus reversing last year's 1-2. Don Naylor (HBT) was third and Adam Ward (Carnethy) fourth.

There was a real scramble for prizes around the 90-minute mark, the first M50 (Gordon Cameron of Carnethy), the first woman (Ruth McKean), the second woman (HBT's Miranda Grant) and the second M50 (Alasdair Paul) all finishing within half-a-minute of one another. The third woman, Kate Jenkins, arrived another 45 seconds later.

Race organiser Graham Pyatt's report:

One hundred and two runners took part in the Manor Water Hill Race, the largest field in its 16 years history. Colin Donnelly won for the second time, pushing Brian Marshall, last year’s winner, into second place on a windy day with heavy underfoot conditions.

On a day when most times seemed to be some 2 minutes slower than usual, Colin Donnelly of Lochaber won the race in 71m 47s, only 41 seconds longer than he took last year to finish second. Brian Marshall of H.E L.P. however, took almost 4 minutes more than last year to finish in 72m 40s. Third was Donald Naylor (HBT), also a previous winner, in 74m 44s and fourth was Adam Ward (Carnethy) in 75m 50s. Colin Donnelly was also first in the Men over 40yrs (M40) class. The first woman home, in 30th place, was Ruth McKean (Unattached) in 90m 06s.

The race is held in conjunction with the Manor Water Sheepdog Trials, one of the major events of the year in the Manor Valley, and under the auspices of the Carnethy Hill Running Club. The race took place in mild conditions although there was a strong wind on the way up the main ridge.

The race starts at Glack Farm, near Croftlea, and the route goes via Glack Hope to the ridge between the Manor Valley and Dawyck as far as the hill known as The Scrape, at 2348 feet, returning the same way. The total distance is 10 miles and the total climb is 2200 feet. The race is on the calendars of both the Scottish Hill Runners and the Fell Runners Association and also receives publicity through hill running websites, especially www.carnethy.com. There are shorter races for juniors. This year the 102 runners comprised 74 men, 27 women, and 1 younger junior.

Brian Marshall and Donald Naylor were first and second in the Open class, while Darin Dougal (Moorfoots) was third and the first Local. Adam Ward was 2nd in the M40 class and 5th finisher Manuel Gorman (Westerlands) was 3rd M40.

The M50 class was won by Gordon Cameron (Carnethy) in 90m 00s, second was Alastair Paul (Unattached) in 90m 32s and third was John Robson (Annan) in 92m 09s. The winner of the M60 class was Jim Knox (Teviotdale) in 96m 38s, second was Alan Yates (Dark Peak) in 101m 26s and third was Malcolm MacLachlan (Carnethy) in 107m 38s.

Second in Women Open was Miranda Grant (HBT) in 90m 20s and third was Kate Jenkins (Unattached) in 91m 15s. Winner of the Women over 40 class for the second successive year was Jo Screiber (Pudsey & Bramley) in 98m 25s, second was Deborah MacDonald (HBT) in 106m 49s and third was Helen Murray (Lothian) in 107m 20s.

In the 15 previous years there has only been one runner in the Women over 50 class but this year there were three! The winner was Hilary Spenceley (Carnethy) in 105m 44s, second was Jean Robson (Annan) in 119m 40s and third was Catherine Webster (Portobello) in 153m 00s.

There was only one runner in the 13-15 years Younger Junior class this year. Lachlan Maclean (Unattached) completed the 3 miles course in 36m 30s.

The race takes place with the cooperation of Dawyck Estates Ltd, The Wemyss & March Estates, Forestry Commission Scotland and Mr Barr of Woodhouse Farm. The organiser would like to take this opportunity publicly to thank those who sponsored the day’s events . The principal sponsor of the Hill Race was again Broughton Ales and there was voucher support from Young & Co (Footwear) of Peebles.

The winner also receives a silver cup engraved as The John Nash Memorial Trophy, in recognition of the local farmer who initiated the race in 1992.

The next Manor Water Hill Race is scheduled for Saturday 10 October 2009.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0106&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157607961962478/)
