---
title: "Ben Lomond Hill Race, 10 May"
date: 2008-05-10
excerpt: "Stewart Whitlie was a clear winner at the Ben Lomond Hill Race. Ellen Homewood finished as first woman.  '"
---

Race Organiser Don Reid's report:

Despite a poor forecast, the 2008 Ben Lomond race ran in perfect conditions: i.e., sunny but not too hot. I gave my usual pre-race talk on the start line to a surprisingly high number of Ben Lomond race virgins, including warning them to be aware that there was a person in a wheel chair half-way up the hill! I then blew the start whistle and jumped into the pack for my first attempt at organising and running! The trail was dry and dusty and I think all the runners were glad of the water provided by the Westerlands marshals near and on the summit.

Stewart Whitlie was the pre-race favourite, and indeed won comfortably in a time of 1.12.20 from young Andrew McCall of Greenock Glenpark, who was only 7 sec ahead of that shy and retiring type, Des Crowe (second V40). Des was closely followed by second senior man Bob Wiseman of Ochils. I had advertised the race in the FRA calendar to attract up some English talent and I believe the next runner in, Phil Green (third V40) of Northumberland Fellrunners was second at the top but twisted his ankle and came in fifth. All these V40s coming in the top six places confused the prize-giving later (we need more fast young people!). My tactics of enticing English runners up to run worked against me in the V50 class, as Mike Egner of Dark Peak cruised to a great victory in tenth place overall in a time of 1.19.38, leaving me to pick up second V50 prize. In the V60 category, Gordon Robinson of Westerlands won comfortably with a time of 1.32.19. The men's team prize went to Carnethy (Stewart Whitlie, John Ashcroft and Adam Anderson).

How about the women? The first prize was a very close thing with Ellen Homewood (Westerlands) only just managing to hold off a late charge from Val Houston (also of Westies). Val was also first V40 lady. The third lady home was Lisa Gamble of Fife AC. In the V50s, Jocelyn Scott of Fife picked up the goodies. Finally, the ladies' team prize went to Westies (Ellen Homewood, Val Houston and Christine Menhennet)

I would like to say a big thanks to all the marshals for keeping the runners on the designated race route, and to all the runners for listening to them. Also a thanks to all the time keepers and helpers at the finish who made the event run so smoothly, including all those people who ran the junior races for me. A special thanks must go to Martin Hymen, who every year drives up from Livingston on the Friday to mark the junior course for me, then comes back the next day to help organise the races! Finally, many thanks to National Trust Ranger Alastair Eckersall and the Lomond Mountain Rescue.

On the subject of junior races, the fun run was won by Michael Jenks in a time of 8.28. The U14 race was won by Adam Harris of Fife AC and first girl was Alice Haining of Gala. In the U16 category, Jamie Stevenson won from James Waldie on Cornwall AC, and first girl was Rachael Armitage of Aberdeen. Finally, in the U19 category, first man home was Mathew Gillespie who was running unattached, and first girl was Catriona Buchanan of Central. Well done to you all. Due to a delay in delivery, the medals you should have got will be posted out to the first three in each category.

Finally, **lost and found**:  
\[1\] Large white tee-shirt with British Transplant Games 2007;  
\[2\] Orange medium tee-shirt with British and Irish Junior Races Sugarloaf Mountain embroidered on it;  
\[3\] Ladies' Nike running shoe size approx 4 (retrieved at great effort from Martin's Marsh by Drew Turnbull).  
Owners please contact Don Reid.

[Senior results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0035&RaceYear=2008) | [Junior results (revised)](Download.aspx?Item=BenLomondJunior2008.pdf) | [Summit photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604985022636/) | [Finish photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157604988147667/)
