---
title: "Junior Robbie Simpson breaks The Law"
date: 2008-12-28
excerpt: "17-year old Robbie Simpson of Banchory Stonehaven won the inaugural Law Breaker at Tillicoultry in a time of 32:51, followed by Alasdair Anthony 2nd in 33:46, and Prasad Prasad 3rd in 34:48. First lady was Fiona Maxwell in a fast time of 40:13.  '"
---

**_Race Report from Organiser Andrew Wright:_**

**The Law Breaker Hill Race, 28th December 2008**

70 runners turned up for the 1st ever Law Breaker hill race and the last Scottish hill race of 2008. The day stayed dry and mild – perfect for running! Starting in the village of Tillicoultry the race had a good fast road start before hitting the narrow paths and many steps of Tillicoultry Mill Glen. This strung the field out nicely as the viciously steep ascent of The Law itself begun properly. Conditions underfoot were ideal allowing for plenty of traction both up and down.

The race at the front featured several of the big hitters on the Scottish hill running scene but no-one saw 17 year old Robbie Simpson (Banchory Stonehaven AC) coming! He blitzed the 2.5 kilometres to the 643 metre summit in a hugely impressive 22:27, even leaving climbing goat Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale Harriers) in his wake. A rapid descent consolidated his lead with Robbie crossing the line a deserving victor in 32:51. 2nd place went to Al Anthony (Ochil Hill Runners) in 33:46, helped along with the 2nd fastest descent of the day, with which he overtook a tiring Prasad who came in a respectable 34:48.

In the race between the 6 females who entered…there was no race! A very strong performance by Fiona Maxwell (Mourne Runners) saw her 6th to the summit, to the astonishment of many of the guys, in a time of 26:47, and a fast run down gave her a finish time of 40:13, 1st Female and 12th overall. Next home was Claire Gordon (Hunters Bog Trotters) with a solid run of 45:56, followed in 3rd place by Angela Martin (Unattached) in 53:45.

In the other categories Alan Smith (Deeside Runners) was the 1st Male Vet and 7th overall in 38:04, while Bill Maxwell (Mourne Runners) ran 41:45 to take top Male Super Vet and 18th overall. The 1st Female Vet and was Susan Cederstrom (Carnegie Harriers) just scraping under the hour in 59:56.

The team prize went to Ochil Hill Runners Al Anthony, Ewan Jack and Stephan Scheuerl with 45 points.

A big thanks to race sponsors Sweatshop Edinburgh and the Tryst Brewery in Larbert, and also to St Andrew’s Ambulance, Carnegie Harriers and all the volunteers who helped with the kitchen, timekeeping and marshalling duties.

[The Law Breaker Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0569&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos by John Donnelly](http://www.flickr.com/photos/westiesjohn/sets/72157611745979633/)
