---
title: "Membership Subscriptions Vote at AGM Invalidated"
date: 2008-11-17
excerpt: "The SHR Committee would like to issue a general apology to all members regarding the outcome of the vote regarding membership subscriptions taken at the AGM on Sat 8th November. Due to an administrative oversight, it is now apparent that the result of the vote is invalid and therefore cannot be authorised. The Committee have then decided to keep subscriptions for all members, regardless of whether they receive paper or electronic newsletters, unchanged for 2009.  The revised AGM minutes can be viewed '"
---

Those present at the AGM and/of following the forum thread will know that at the AGM, a proposal regarding a £2 additional membership charge for any member electing to continue to receive paper newsletters was carried on the basis of a large number of the proxy votes counted supporting it. The general view from the floor was very much against it. What was perhaps not clear when the proposal was firrst sent out to members was that it was being proposed by an individual only and not the whole Committee.

It states clearly in the SHR Constitution that proxy votes can and should only be counted at an AGM vote if at least 3 members present request them. Otherwise they should remain null and void. An administrative oversight by the SHR Committee failed to take this Consitutional requirement into account on the day, meaning that the results of the vote cannot stand and we have no choice but to invalidate the proposal, for this year at least.

Clearly, this was an unfortunate error and the Committee wish to send a full apology to all members for this. We will make sure that a repeat occurrence does not happen in the future. There are no significant financial implications to SHR of the scrapping of the £2 surcharge for 2009. There are obviously lessons that should be learnt and there have been some very interesting and useful postings on the web forum which the Committee will take on board at subsequent meetings.

In summary, membership subscriptions for all members will now then remain at £8 for all members (but with reductions for shared address members, students and juniors as before) reagrdless of preferred method of newsletter delivery.

The Committee look forward to the continue and valued support of its membership.

The revised AGM minutes can be viewed [here](http://shr.uk.com.95.seekdotnet.com/Download.aspx?Item=AGM2008Minutes.doc)
