---
title: "Tinto taken by the usual suspects, 8 November"
date: 2008-11-09
excerpt: "Jethro Lennox (Shettleston) and Angela Mudge (Carnethy) win for the fourth and eighth times respectively from a field that was a record for the fourth year in succession....  '"
---

Despite a rather unpropitious weather forecast Tinto attracted a record entry for the fourth consecutive year: 261 started of whom all but one finished. The promised rain more-or-less stayed away, but the strong headwind on the climb and the mud underfoot made up for that.

Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H) has finished in the top two ever since 2003. Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale H) did his best to make Lennox's score three first and three seconds: he reached the summit first but couldn't quite hold on to Lennox on the descent. Shettleston's new recruits Henry Blake and Oleg Chepelin were next, some distance behind, followed by Grant Stewart (Edinburgh AC) and Alasdair Anthony (Ochil HR).

Angela Mudge (Carnethy HRC) easily won the women's race for the eighth time. Emma Birnie (Bellahouston RR) was second and Catriona Buchanan (Central AC) just half-a-minute behind in third.

The junior race went for the second time in a row to East Kilbride's Adam Gatens, with Nicola Lindsay from Law & District the first girl. The Tinto Tiptoe Fun Run, for the younger-still, attracted 16 contestants aged between 2 and 12, with Luke Foss (Law & District) taking the honours. The next Fun Run is the [Cockleroy Chaser](RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0425) on Boxing Day.

[Senior Race results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0108&RaceYear=2008) | [Junior Race results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0185&RaceYear=2008) | [Tinto Tiptoe results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0553&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157608784188611/)
