---
title: "Owens and Peachey share the Alps, 28 June"
date: 2008-06-29
excerpt: "Tom Owens (Shettleston) and Simon Peachey (Carnethy) tied for first place. Ellen Homewood (Westies) survived a scare to be first woman.  '"
---

From race organiser Jason Kaushal:

A hardy bunch, including many of the top Scottish hill runners, turned out for this race expecting poor weather again this year, which in the end wasn’t as bad as predicted.

In a faster winning time than last year Tom Owens (Shettleston) and Simon Peachey (Carnethy) finished together in 3:27:18, after somehow passing but not seeing last year’s winner Stewart Whitlie, somewhere after Ben Ime. It would be interesting to hear how that happened. Tom called this “A good workout”. Stewart came in third overall and first male vet 40.

The quality of the field was shown by the fact that despite the poor weather adding to the testing course and with several tumbles being taken on the last descent, fifteen runners still came in under four hours. Special mention to Dave Cummins taking a complete summersault and having scrapes all over his body, and a bad cut on his knee probably needing stitches, but still coming in fifth.

Ellen Homewood (Westerlands) overcame time rolling on the ground in agony after her ankle gave a loud crack. However she finished first out of the four women to complete the course.

I would like to thank all the land owners who were very positive in giving permission for the race, several of them commenting that this is the type of thing they want to see on their land. Also Arrochar MRT who provided safety cover again. Achilles Heel kindly provided some prizes.

Finally I want to give special thanks to [Fyne Ales](http://www.fyneales.com/) who provided most of the prizes, including lapel badges for all runners under four hours. They were also very kind in providing two kegs of beer to be enjoyed after the race, and Manny didn’t have as much to take home this time, so it does seem that the ale was enjoyed. Their generous and keen support for this race was appreciated by all and it was lovely to see them along for the start and finish and wanting to enjoy the atmosphere of the event.

On a personal note, despite the stress that sometimes creeps up in organising the race I have enjoyed this. I want to thank Helen Macpherson, Graham Benny and Christine Menhennet for a lot of hard work, which everyone gives me the credit for, but I couldn’t do this without them. Of course there are also the marshals, and many helpers, some Westies and some friends and fellow hill runners who just want to make this a success. Thank you all! Speaking purely for myself as long as people want to run this and enjoy it, if we can get marshals and they don’t outnumber the runners, then I am happy to keep this going, though more interest would be good. Perhaps if it is an SHR champs counter next year?

A final thank you has to go to those who ran this very tough race, you really keep it alive.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0405&RaceYear=2008) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157605887470659/)
