---
title: "Gore Glentress Duathlon Short Race, 27 January"
date: 2008-01-28
excerpt: "Andy Barlow won with Prasad second and Ruth McGavigan first woman. But that's not the whole story.  '"
---

From the Baxters, who organise the series:

Another exciting short race – definitely the best for action and excitement. The front end saw a number of the faster runners come adrift on the bike. Despite using 1500m of red and white tape, we lost competitors at the top end of the bike course at a sharp dogleg. We are thinking of fencing the course next year.

The race was won by Andy Barlow who came through from eighth place and a two-minute deficit. Prasad had to settle for second, making for a really good end to the series when both will hopefully do battle over the long course on 2 March. Unfortunately Andy Symonds was in the lead at transition but was one of the poor souls who visited the Mast.

First Lady Ruth McGavigan had a superb 12th place and a good margin over Ester Halcrow (42nd overall), who had a great run for second place following an excellent tussle with Angela Miller in third.

Team prize went to Bob Souter and Euan Rennie, with V40M going to Ian Sills, V50M to Bob Waterhouse and V60 Adam Anderson. Grant Ferguson won the special prize of an Apple i-pod for first junior, donated by the RAF, with an excellent fourth place.

The Junior Glentress Duathlon Quaich for the overall series, contested by juniors aged 14-18 over both the Medium and Short Races, was won by Alex Balfour.

Our usual thanks to Villeneuve Wines, Keith Walter the Jeweller, PMS Limited, Forest Enterprise, with a very special thanks to Emma and Tracey at the Hub for support from the bus and van.

[Results (in pdf file)](Download.aspx?Item=GlentressShortDuathlon20080127.pdf)
