---
title: "SHR Long Classics after Two Breweries"
date: 2008-09-29
excerpt: "The SHR Long Classics Series is building towards a climax after the Two Breweries, the 8th race in the 9 race series. Simon Peachey continues to lead overall, with Jacqui Higginbottom moving up to first position in the woman's competition.  The final and deciding race in the series is Pentland Skyline on October 12th.  '"
---

The SHR Long Classics Series is building towards a climax after the Two Breweries, the 8th race in the 9 race series. Simon Peachey (Carnethy) continues to lead overall, with Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) moving up to first position in the woman's competition.

David Scott (Ochil HR) is highest placed M50, Graham Arthur (Ilkley) is leading M60, and Elaine Stewart (Cosmics) is leading F50.

With one race remaining - Pentland Skyline on 12th October - Stewart Whitlie could still win the series if he manages to win the Skyline.

In the women's competition, Dawn Scott and Kate Jenkins are both poised on 3 races and could overtake Jacqui if they run strongly at the Skyline. Angela Mudge and Jill Mykura are the highest placed women on 2 races, but with only 1 race remaining, they cannot complete the series.

Strangely enough, for the first 8 races there has been a different winner for each race - apart from Arrochar where Tom Owens and Simon Peachey had a "gentleman's agreement" to cross the line together. This shows that no single runner has dominated the series.

_**Race winners:**_  
Stuc a'Chroin - Brian Marshall  
Isle of Jura - Rob Jebb  
Slioch - Simon Peachey  
Arrochar Alps - Tom Owens/Simon Peachey  
Ben Rinnes - Sean Bolland  
Glenshee 9 - Andy Symonds  
Ochil 2000s - Colin Donnelly  
Two Breweries - Alasdair Anthony

[Positions after 8 races](http://chris-upson.com/longseries/2008/LongSeries2008_v8.htm)

Prize-giving for the Long Classics Series will be at the SHR Do at Crianlarich on 1st November.
