---
title: "SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs after Knockfarrel"
date: 2008-04-17
excerpt: "With both short races completed, only people already listed can earn the much admired SHR Championship mug ... providing you do a medium and a long ! Updated tables are now online..."
---

With both short races completed, only people already listed can earn the much admired SHR Championship mug ... providing you do a medium and a long !

As usual some categories are very open while others are already looking unbeatable. In the latter category are Jethro Lennox of Shettleston (Senior men) & Jacqui Higginbottom of Carnethy (Ladies Over 40) who both look dominant.

The Men's Over 50 is completely open with 3 on the same points, though favourite for the championship, Malcolm Patterson, has only done one race. In the men's Over 40 it is anyone's guess who will come out best out of Stewart Whitlie and Colin Donnelly as they have one win each and are now equal. Dawn Scott has take the lead in the Senior Women's with a great victory over Jill Mykura at Knockfarrel, but the championship is very open. Tom Ross is looking good at the top of the Over 60s ranking, but defending champion and winner at Bishop Hill, Doug Milligan, has only done one race so must still be favourite. In the Ladies Over 50, Chris Menhennet is at the top of the leader board, but Knockfarrel winner, Anita Hamilton has only done one race.

Interestingly, four different clubs are at the top of the four team categories, which is very healthy. In the men, Shettleston (Senior Team) and Carnethy (Male Over 40) both are unbeaten. In the ladies teams, Fife are unbeaten in the Ladies Over 40s, but Lochaber have now taken the lead in the Senior Ladies, after turning out in massive numbers at both the short races.

Standings after the two short races are [here](Download.aspx?Item=Scottish Hill Running Champs 2008.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen).

Any queries (particularly if you are under 23 as we do not have the under 23 runners from Knockfarrel) to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
