---
title: "The Battle of Roslin Sat 14 Feb 2009"
date: 2009-02-09
excerpt: "Wales may have beaten Scotland at Murrayfield on Sat , but honour can be regained this coming Saturday at the Carnethy 5 hill race .. which celebrates the Battle of Roslin in 1303.. when 8,000 Scots defeated an army of 30,000 Englishmen (and probably a few Welshmen!) ..."
---

Now for the important stuff ...

Wales may have beaten Scotland at Murrayfield last Saturday , but honour can be regained this coming Saturday at the Carnethy 5 hill race .. which celebrates the Battle of Roslin in 1303.. when 8,000 Scots defeated an army of 30,000 Englishmen (and probably a few Welshmen!) ... as in years gone by.. there will be a prize for the first finisher in a kilt (current record holder is Don Naylor.. who predictably is Welsh!!.. so there is a record for the taking.. especially with the snow to help you down off the last hill! )

so dig out your kilts.. and if you are a hillrunner and a piper .. bring your bagpipes along too..as we plan a few songs on the start line..

the starting field is not far from a place they call the 'hewin

An Farmers tae this verra day, When they're at the ploo-in', Still find shinbanes in the clay, At a place they ca' "The Hewin."

as well as bringing your map and compass and full body cover , print these words off and stick them in your bum bag .. or better still commit them to memory ... as Rabbie Burns remembers the wars of independence...

'Scots, wha hae wi' Wallace bled, Scots, wham Bruce has aften led, Welcome tae your gory bed, Or tae Victorie!

'Now's the day, and now's the hour: See the front o' battle lour, See approach proud Edward's power - Chains and Slaverie!

'Wha will be a traitor knave? Wha will fill a coward's grave? Wha sae base as be a slave? Let him turn and flee!

'Wha, for Scotland's king and law, Freedom's sword will strongly draw, Freeman stand, or Freeman fa', Let him on wi' me!

'By Oppression's woes and pains! By your sons in servile chains! We will drain our dearest veins, But they shall be free!

'Lay the proud usurpers low! Tyrants fall in every foe! Liberty's in every blow! - Let us do or dee!'

see you on the start line.. in your kilt or tartan tammy!
