---
title: "Borders double for Dougal"
date: 2009-07-29
excerpt: "Darin Dougal (Moorfoot Runners) won both the Black Hill Race at Earlston and the Lee Pen Race at the St Ronan's Border Games...  '"
---

**Earlston Black Hill Race**

_From organiser Ed Rooney:_

The annual Earlston Black Hill Race is now firmly back on the sporting calendar with over 70 runners from clubs across the Borders, the central belt and Northumberland enjoying the hot humid conditions and the stunning views from the summit in this year's race (30 June).

Before the main event a shorter route to the White Hill was organised for the Juniors with Rowan Mann and Kerry Sandilands first boy and girl respectively for Gala Harriers.

In the senior event Darin Dougal from Moorfoots swept to victory in 34:33, with Kate Jenkins from HBT first lady in 36:34. The local prizes went to Ed Rooney as first Lauderdale Limper and Jon Sharpe (JogEarlston) as first local.

**Lee Pen Hill Race**

The Lee Pen Hill Race is part of Innerleithen's [St Ronan's Border Games](http://www.stronansgames.org/index.php?page=home) - which claims to be Scotland's oldest organised sports meeting.

In this year's race, held on 18 July, Darin Dougal (Moorfoot R) tracked club-mate Mike McGovern to the summit and then had the better descent for a clear victory. Alex Campbell won a tight three-way tussle of Moorfooters to win the ladies' race.

**Note** Please e-mail SHR if you can fill in any of the blanks in the results for either race. Thank you.

[Black Hill results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0424&RaceYear=2009) | [Lee Pen results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0149&RaceYear=2009) | [Lee Pen photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157621881031752/)
