---
title: "Two teenagers in first three at Druim Fada, 15 November"
date: 2009-11-16
excerpt: "Robbie Simpson and Nicola Meekin both smash the course records, and 16-year old Craig Tomison is third...  '"
---

_From race organiser Roger Boswell:_

A record field of 74 runners lined up and both the male and female records were broken by a big margin. Teenager Robbie Simpson took 3 minutes off the male record and Nicola Meekin of Oban took nearly 4½ minutes off the female record. Lochaber's Craig Mitchell came second, just ahead of 16-year old Craig Tomison of Tobermory High School. Two teenagers in the first 3 - another record? Great to see the juniors right up there. Amanda Blackhall also beat the old record to come second in the women's race, she is getting seriously fit.

Only 73 runners finished as Caroline Coyle's race finished brutally and abruptly with just a mile to go at the cattle grid where the route emerges from the forest. Caroline was lying about seventh in the women's race, and was concentrating on the route choice just ahead, watching the arrows and the opposition and which way they were going at junction just beyond the cattle grid. She never saw the cattle grid. The race organser was lucky she got up with minior injuries only, bruised, grazed and temporarily unable to breathe. This cattle grid will feature in next year's risk analysis.

The next Lochaber Winter League race is this Sunday 22 November, the 11ml / 2500ft climb Blackwater Dam race, 11:00am from the Ice Factor Kinlochleven.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0109&RaceYear=2009)
