---
title: "Symonds wins Deuchary Hill at a canter, 8 March"
date: 2009-03-09
excerpt: "Andy Symonds broke the course record and won the Highland Boundary Series, with Alison Pollard the first lady overall.  '"
---

From organiser Adrian Davis:

The early morning storm and snow flurries did not bode well but the sunshine broke through and we took a decision to go ahead. A good field of 46 set off from the Hilton Hotel in Dunkeld around Craig a Barns, a lovely wooded route climbing gradually on a narrow path far above the River Tay. The excellent running was at times interspersed with a little snow but it thawed quickly in the spring sunshine as Andy Symonds led the way followed by myself, valiantly trying to keep up before the inevitable steep hill. The birds were calling loudly as we passed the rocking stone and the first marshall, then on to Rotmell Wood where the race opens out and the first views of Deuchary hill are glimpsed.

The initial climb up to Deuchary hill was wet and steep on an old track where we passed the early starters, the intrepid Ann Lister and her female colleagues. This eventually gave way to a steep heathery climb well above the tree line. Excellent views of Loch Ordie and Beinn A Ghlo from here and Grahame marshalling at the summit. The descent with Will Hensman was fast and furious and we felt the wind in our faces for the first time as he tucked in behind me. I surged but couldn't drop him. However he fell off the pace a little later on the rough track down to the Mill Dam and we stepped up the pace to the finish past the Glack and down to Cally car park. It truly is a lovely race with a bit of everything in it. Andy pressed home his advantage and won the race comfortably with Will pipping me in second. Jaqui Higginbottom ran well to win the ladies from Joan Wilson and Ursula Bass.

The Overall Series title went to Andy Symonds with WIll Hensman in second and Adam Ward in third; Laurie Anderson of Fife AC was first Vet 40 and Davie Duncan first Vet 50. The ladies did really well and Alison Pollard held on to win overall with Ann Lister and the other west coasters coming home just behind her in fine fettle.

We all enjoyed Gina's great cream of mushroom soup and the cakes went down really well. There were only about 12 people who eventually braved the three races but hopefully more next year. The last run is as serious as you wish to take it but it's a lovely scenic Sunday run!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2009) | Photos from [Deuchary Hill](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157614910571991/) and [the cross-over point](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157615009240106/)
