---
title: "Kintyre Way Relay, 2 May"
date: 2009-05-05
excerpt: "Motherwell AC break the relay record...  '"
---

From race organiser Rob Reid:

Weather forecast had been pretty dire, but in the event the sun shone all day, and participants were able to get full benefit of the wonderful scenery, with clear views over the sea to Arran, Gigha, Islay and Jura. Add to that the all-pervasive sweet smell of the yellow gorse blossom and a friendly welcome (with plentiful refreshments) at five different community halls along the way, it's no wonder many of the runners and walkers came away saying this was an unforgettable experience.

In the runners' event, the winning relay team was Motherwell A C (team of 6) in a new record time of 9:41 Their runners also set new record times on 3 of the 6 sections -  
Clachan-Tayinloan: Russell McCoull in 1:26  
Tayinloan-Carradale: Alan Tait in 1:50  
Saddell-Campbeltown: Joanne Clark in 1:46

Runners-up were last year's winning club, Giffnock Hillbashers, in 10:55. Their 3 runners made good use of our unusually flexible relay format - Philip Coupar ran sections 1 and 4, David Logan sections 2 and 5, and Jim Galbraith sections 3 and 6.

Hero of the day was solo runner George Reid (no relation) from Stonehaven, who not only ran the full 66 miles of the Kintyre Way from Tarbert to Campbeltown (in exactly 13:30), but did so only one week after running the 53-mile Highland Fling not to mention a 10k race on the Thursday evening.

In the walkers' event, 24 took part, starting from either Tarbert or Torrisdale and all converging on Tayinloan. Two couples came from as far away as Yorkshire, and other groups came from Shiel Bridge, Glasgow, and Taynuilt.

The day was rounded off with a fine buffet meal and ceilidh-dance in Tayinloan Village Hall, where runners, walkers, marshals and locals got together to relax and enjoy the music and dancing.

Plans are already in hand for next year's event, which will be on 1st May 2010. We hope to attract a growing number of people from all over Britain and even from overseas. And scheduling it for the May-Day holiday weekend means it will be more worthwhile for visitors to come from a distance and stay for the long weekend.

[Results](http://www.kintyrewayrelay.co.uk/index.html)
