---
title: "Deeside Duathlon, 13 September"
date: 2009-09-19
excerpt: "Dan Whitehead (Cosmics) beats last year's winner Ali Hibbard (Unattached)...  '"
---

_Fron organiser David Hirst:_

After a fantastic day on Saturday when we marked the bike route, Sunday was dull and miserable at home further down the glen, but by the time the race had started the sun had come out and the timekeepers had a lovely day watching occasional runners and cyclists come in by Felagie cottage. It wasn't so good for the marshals on the hill, where it was windy and cool, and the wind was a drag for the cyclists on the higher parts of the course, but all in all it was a pretty good day for the time of year.

The weather was of no concern to Dan Whitehead, who came in from the first run just a couple of seconds ahead of last year's winner Ali Hubbard, but then got a 9-minute lead on the bike ride which he kept on the second run to win in 2.18.08, beating Ali's record by just 24s.

Further down the field the going wasn't so easy. One runner failed to find the second hill, something of a surprise since it is only 1500m from the first, and another ran off the second hill in the direction of the first cottage he saw (not great navigational technique) and gave himself an extra 6km to run. Both abandoned the race after the bike ride. We also had a couple of mechanicals on the bike and a sprained ankle, giving a rather high attrition rate.

We had advertised the race on the Deeside Runners website as suitable for anyone who could run a bit and ride a bike, but as first woman Veronique Oldham politely said, we may have underestimated the difficulty. Perhaps next year we'll go for "the toughest day out of your life", as another finisher put it. We certainly would like to attract more competitors - only 23 including 3 teams. Is it best to say anyone can do it, or almost no-one can? The first run is very heathery, the bike ride means bottom gear for the best part of an hour, and the last run is short but viciously steep. The scenery is good though.

[Results](Download.aspx?Item=DeesideDuathlon2009Web.pdf)
