---
title: "Prasad adds to his tally of titles at Chapelgill, 21 March"
date: 2009-03-21
excerpt: "Prasad Prasad wins Chapelgill for the first time whilst Eilidh Wardlaw retains the women’s title.  '"
---

Prasad Prasad led a field of 47 up the short but brutal climb to the windy summit of Chapelgill, and then maintained his form on the equally-brutal descent to finish in 19.34, comfortably clear (for the second time in a fortnight) of Robbie Simpson and last year’s winner Brian Marshall. Steven Fallon was fourth (and first M40), Murray Strain fifth and Alan Smith sixth. Don Reid was first V50 in 11th.

Eilidh Wardlaw, taking part in her second race of the day, was several places behind Scout Adkin at the turn, but descended the better to retain the women’s title by six seconds in 28.18. Marion Valencia, from London Frontrunners, finished third in her first-ever Scottish hill race – she’d only run on hills in the Isle of Wight before. Tilly Smith was first V40 in fourth.

The **Congrie Conga Fun Run** was held just before the main race. Organiser Martin Hyman says:

"The turnout was small but high in quality. Nearly all finished with a smile, according to international smile judge, Ian Horsburgh.

Thanks to Joyce Salvona for doing most of the work and to Jill Horsburgh and Malcolm Patterson for doing the remainder.

A piece of advice: I was surprised that more than half the starters turned up less than 2 minutes before the start, which happened at precisely the time printed in the Scottish Athletics and the Scottish Hill Runners calendars. As some one who has competed in quite a few events, I can safely say that your run will probably be less enjoyable and less successful, if you start flustered and out of breath and have not had time to get your bearings."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0019&RaceYear=2009) | [Fun Run results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0542&RaceYear=2009) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157615639425969/)
