---
title: "Red Moss Revolution,  24 June"
date: 2009-06-25
excerpt: "There was a record turnout for the 3rd running of Red Moss (Bog and Burn #7). Winners were Murray Strain and Lucy Colquhoun. The sun encouraged lots of folk out and quite a few took advantage of the bright evening to cycle to the start .. including James Jarvis on a tandem with his daughter...  '"
---

_Report by race organiser Jamie Thin:_

The sun encouraged lots of folk out and quite a few took advantage of the bright evening to cycle to the start , including James Jarvis on a tandem with his daughter. The cycle to the start also proved the perfect warm-up for eventual winner Murray Strain (HBT) in a new record of 35:03 - taking over 20 seconds off the old record and the top 3 finishers were all inside the old record set the previous year. The dry conditions must have helped this year - with Kenny Richmond (MV40) (Bella RR) setting the early pace and only losing out to Murray by 2 seconds in a sprint finish over the last 50m for a fine 2nd place and 1st Vet. Previous record holder AL Anthony(Ochil) was 3rd , and still inside his old record by 10 secs.

First lady was Lucy Colquhoun (Carnethy) in 41:31 , 2nd lady was Megan Mowbray (HBT) and 3rd was Ellie Homewood (Wesites)

Special mention should go to Ian Mcmanus (Irvine AC) (MV60)who is back racing again after fracturing several ribs in a fall at Dumyat and he completed Red Moss to make it 100 hill races in 3 years (as recorded on Chris Upson's Scottishhillracing website).

We had at least one swimmer this year Rupert Nash (HBT) who swam the reservoir at the causeway - probably the best way to cool down on a warm day, but might not qualify for a pb!

Lastly big thanks to the helpers and marshalls - Joanne, Oonagh, Sinead and Niamh - who helped at registration and were marshalling at the causeway - Eilidh marshalling at Greencleuch and Abby our sweeper .. who managed to get lost !!! and was last seen heading to Carlops!! Fortunately she managed to retrace her steps and was found safe and well!

Thanks to Paul in the Grey Horse in Balerno for providing plenty of soup to hungry runners after the race.

Provisional results:

Men  
1 Strain Murray HBT M 00:35:03  
2 Richmond Kenny Bellahouston RR MV40 00:35:05  
3 Anthony Al Ochil M 00:35:12  
4 Wright Andrew Carnegie M 00:35:55  
5 Chepelin Oleg Shettleston M 00:37:15  

Women  
18 Colquhoun Lucy Carnethy L 00:41:31  
24 Mowbray Megan HBT L 00:42:21  
42 Homewood Ellen Westies L 00:46:30  

Full results to follow and then Chris Upson will update the Bog and Burn rankings after 7 races - 4 to count and with Turnhouse , Maddy Moss and Caerketton still to come - no excuse not to finish the series this year

See you all next year - good to see several runners out for their first hill race - just remember it might not always be this sunny second time round!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0501&RaceYear=2009) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157620465704301/)
