---
title: "Veronique Oldham just misses the Tap O' Noth record, 15 August"
date: 2009-08-19
excerpt: "Joe Charles (Clwydian Range Runners) gets the better of Graeme Bartlett (Forres H); and Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) is one second outside the women's record...  '"
---

_From Simon Beeson:_

Rain for the previous two days was always going to make things a bit messy but when I ran the race route in the morning to check the markers hadn't been washed away I should've taken a sail with me. The track had turned into a river and things were looking particularly slippery and boggy. Ideal conditions for a hill race then! Miraculously, about two hours before the start the sun decided to make a welcome appearance and all of a sudden things started to look a little better.

As the runners entered the advice on the day was definitely for a 'Walsh' type shoe or you'll be on your ar$e - no question. I think just about everyone came prepared anyway as you'd expect. Two runners from Spain thought better of it despite a liberal amount of coercion!

Forty people entered on the day which considering the expected conditions was pretty good I thought. Yet again an excellent turn out from Cosmics who I understand use the race as one of their club hill running counters.

So with the usual advice on conditions underfoot, safety, route, etc disseminated, off they went. The field split very early on with the eventual winner, Joe Charles from Clwydian Range Runners taking the lead and never looking back. From the view in the village during the climb he pulled away from last year's winner and course record holder Graeme Bartlett (Forres Harriers) quite nicely and by the top of the hill had plenty of time in hand which was confirmed by the hill top marshal. The finishing time wasn't going to challenge last year's course record but he was well clear of Graeme who finished in second. Gerald Angus (Keith & District) a regular at the Tap O' Noth Hill Race came a creditable third. Speaking to Graeme later I discovered that his training hadn't been going too well of late which would explain his time. Mind you, if I could manage a time like that after my training hadn't been going too well I'd be really pleased!

In the ladies' race last year's winner, Veronique Oldham from Cosmics took off from the start and just like Joe, pulled away from joint record holder Ruth Mackenzie (Deeside Runners). By the hill top she too had pulled out a good lead and was on a mission. Coming into the finish the watch was stopped one second behind last year's time and course record which considering the conditions was amazing!. I'm sure if the conditions had been good then the record would've gone - no question. The disappointment on Veronique's' face when she found out was plain to see and of course the expletives which I can't repeat here!

Ruth Mackenzie came home in second place with Jacqui Higginbottom from Carnethy a well-earned third.

The word back from the runners was that the course had dried up amazingly quickly and although very boggy was not too bad - shame!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0094&RaceYear=2009)
