---
title: "Emsley leads the break-out from Inveraray Jail, 30 May"
date: 2009-05-31
excerpt: "Nick Emsley (Arran R) won the inaugural Inveraray Jail Break race...  '"
---

_From organiser (and first woman) Fiona Corner:_

A lovely warm day greeted the starters for the inaugural Dun na Cuiche run sponsored by [Inveraray Jail](http://www.inverarayjail.co.uk/) in Inveraray on Saturday May 30th.

The 29-strong field left the Jail at 11am prompt making its way through the tourists admiring Loch Fyne and on into the castle grounds. The field was led all the way by the eventual winners from Arran Runners with the rest of the competitors fighting their own personal battles be it against the 236m hill or fellow club runners along the way. The friendly rivalry made for some very good times. The majority of the climb was shaded by the trees which was very welcome on one of the warmest days so far this year. The view from the top was not admired by many (except the marshals) before powering it back down to the finish line in the Castle grounds.

Nick Emsley and Paul Cameron both from Arran Runners battled it out in the final stages for first place with Nick making it over the finish line with 8 seconds to spare. Both walked away with Quaiches in the end with Nick as overall winner 28.46 and Paul as first Junior 28.54. First male veteran and third overall went to Paul Thompson from Helensburgh. There was an excellent showing from the Mid Argyll triathlon and cycle club with Stephen Whiston, Toby Corner (Inveraray Jogscotland) , Matt Donald and Peter Robertson jostling for position throughout the race. Youngest race competitor Toby won through in the end crossing the line (with only one shoe!) in 31.33, his first adult race and first local home.

First female home was veteran Fiona Corner (MATCC and Jogscotland Inveraray) in 38.59, first female senior was Naomi Dixon, MATCC in 41.02. First female junior, also running in her first race was Naomi Sturrock, 44.14 who only started running with the newly formed jogscotland inveraray group 6 weeks ago. Tribute must also be paid to the dedication of Lynn Walker who despite a bad fall continued run over a km to finish nealy 2 minutes under her personal goal of 60 minutes.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0576&RaceYear=2009)
