---
title: "SHR membership subscriptions for 2009 are now due"
date: 2009-01-03
excerpt: "It’s time to renew your membership of SHR, or join for the first time…"
---

SHR’s membership year starts on 1 January, so now's a good time to renew your membership for 2009 or join for the first time. The fees are the same as last year’s, namely £8 for Seniors, £2 for Juniors / Students / Unwaged; plus £4 each for second and subsequent senior members living at the same address as the first senior member and opting to receive one copy of SHR paper publications.

The information on how to pay your subscription is [here](HowToJoin.aspx). Note that you have the choice of postal or electronic routes.

If you’re unsure about whether to opt for paper or electronic publications we suggest you go for the latter because they cost SHR less time and money to distribute. In either event you will of course receive paper versions of the Calendar for 2009 and Journal for 2008.

Chris Upson’s team has now finalised the Calendar and Ronnie Gallagher the Journal. The plan is to have these publications ready for distribution to paid-up members by the date of the Carnethy 5 (14 February). You should find that the Calendar is now more “junior-friendly”, in that it includes minimum ages for almost all races. Malcolm Patterson has also compiled a separate list of races suitable for juniors - if you'd like a copy, contact him by [E-mail](mailto:malcpat@yahoo.co.uk)

In the meantime, information about forthcoming races is available in our on-line Calendar.

Happy New Year to all!
