---
title: "New Sponsorship Deal with Run4It for 2010"
date: 2009-11-29
excerpt: "Full details of a new sponsorship package agreed between SHR and the running shop retailer, Run4It, can be found here......"
---

As originally announced at the AGM on November 7th, SHR is pleased to confirm that a wide ranging and comprehensive sponsorship package for 2010 has been agreed with the running shop retailer Run4It. It is envisaged that the deal will continue for at least 2 further years thereafter. Although a key part of the package relates to sponsorship of the annual SHR Championship, the wider ethos is to support and develop hill running in Scotland at all levels (including juniors) and raise its profile generally within the running sector. A number of different strands make up the whole package, and the most important of these are summarised below:

\* Direct financial sponsorship support for the 2010 Championship (which will be known formally as the Run4It SHR Championship) leading to improved quality of individual and team prize winner mementos.

\* Further support to provide financial assistance for the ordering, production and delivery of 2010 Championship mugs for all individuals successfully completing the minimum 4 from 6 race criteria.

\* Providing the backing and resources for a new SHR membership card scheme (to be sent out to all members on receipt of membership subs.), which will then entitle them to a standard 10% discount in Run4It stores and online.

\* High profile given within Run4It stores to hill running in Scotland, and SHR in particular, with particular emphasis on safe and responsible running in the hills, especially for relative newcomers.

\* Communication updates - via Run4It shops and using the Run4It database - to highlight noteworthy races, results, other initiatives, etc, that take place during the year.

\* Offers of (equipment) support for race organisers if so required.

It should be stressed that this deal, although offering SHR significant new financial support and opportunities, is not mutually incompatible with existing sponsorship arrangements and these will continue to operate as normal. We hope members are suitably excited by this new deal and can look forward to enjoying some of the benefits in due course.
