---
title: "Sullivan wins the inaugural Newtyle Hill Race, 4 October"
date: 2009-10-07
excerpt: "Matthew Sullivan (Shettleston) gets the better of Manny Gorman (Westies), with Jackie Higginbottom (Carnethy) the first woman...  '"
---

_From organiser Adrian Davis:_

The first running of the Newtyle Hill Race saw a good turnout of 22 runners gathering at the Scottish Wildlife Trust Centre at Loch of the Lowes near Dunkeld. Excellent weather all afternoon gave way to a wee shower at the start but the competitors were up for the challenge. The route takes you from the Loch of the Lowes to the Fungarth path via Dunkeld golf course, then back along the path above Dunkeld to Craigmad wood for the first climb before the last and steepest climb to Newtyle Hill on a forest track then some open hill before the descent and return to the Loch. The course is very scenic and consists of open farmland, golf course and old oakwoods before Newtyle Hill which sports lots of juniper shrubs and birch trees. It's a lovely setting with magnificent views over the Tay valley and Dunkeld.

Matthew Sullivan and Manny Gorman led the race out from the start and they were still racing each other at the end of Craigmad Wood before the steep climb to Newtyle Hill. Only a few metres separated them at the top and they continued racing each other to the finish with Matt hanging on to win in 30.04. Bruce Smith was third and second vet behind Manny. The first lady was Jackie Higginbottom followed by Mel Nicol and Fiona Manson (all vet 40). Gordon Pryde held off Laurie Anderson for first V50. All enjoyed the soup and homemade cakes afterwards.

All entries went to support the Scottish Wildlife Trust.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0584&RaceYear=2009)
