---
title: "Donnelly still winning at 50, Manor Water, 10 October"
date: 2009-10-10
excerpt: "Colin Donnelly, now a 'supervet', won Manor Water and finished more than 2 minutes clear of course record holder Brian Marshall. Kate Jenkins was first woman.  '"
---

_From race organiser Graham Pyatt:_

Colin Donnelly of Lochaber AC, who has just passed his 50th birthday, won the race for the third time in four attempts in a time of 68m 50s (the fourth-fastest over the course). Not content with winning the race, Colin said afterwards that he had been hoping to break the record of 68m 14s in the ideal running conditions that prevailed this year.

The race is held in conjunction with the Manor Water Sheepdog Trials, one of the major events of the year in the Manor Valley, and under the auspices of the Carnethy Hill Running Club and this was its 17th year. The race starts at Glack Farm, near Croftlea, and the route goes via Glack Hope to the ridge between the Manor Valley and Dawyck as far as The Scrape, at 2348 feet, returning the same way. The total distance is 10 miles and the total climb is 2200 feet. This year the 86 runners comprised 67 men and 19 women.

Second in the race was Brian Marshall (Haddington) in 71m 03s and 3rd was Peter Devenport (unattached) in 71m 38. First in the M40 class was Bruce Smith (Carnethy) in 75m 01s, 2nd was Des Crowe (Shettleston) 75m 52s and 3rd was Adam Anderson (Carnethy) in 77m 30s. Second in the M50 class was Andy Spenceley (Carnethy) in 79m 51s and 3rd was Gordon Cameron (Carnethy) in 80m 43s. First in the M60 class was Douglas Milligan (Solway) in 88m 51s, 2nd was Alan Yates (Dark Peak) in 98m 16s and 3rd was Chris Oliver (Hunters) in 103m 03s.

First Woman was Kate Jenkins (Hunters) in 80m 51s, 2nd was Lucy Colquholn (Carnethy) in 84m 46s and 3rd was Keri Weatherhogg (Perth) in 89m 32s. First in the W40 class was Leanne Haining (Gala) in 97m 32s and 2nd was Kate Friend (Carnethy) in 109m 20s. First in the W50 class was Jean Robson (Annan) in 119m 18s.

The race takes place with the cooperation of Dawyck Estates Ltd, The Wemyss & March Estates, Fountain Forestry plc and Mr Barr of Woodhouse Farm.

The organiser would like to take this opportunity publicly to thank those who sponsored the day’s events. The principal sponsor of the Hill Race was again Broughton Ales and there was voucher support from Young & Co (Footwear) of Peebles. The winner also receives a silver cup engraved as The John Nash Memorial Trophy, in recognition of the local farmer who initiated the race.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0106&RaceYear=2009)
