---
title: "Prasad wins 3-lap Law Breaker, 27 December"
date: 2009-12-27
excerpt: "Prasad Prasad turned the tables on last year's Law Breaker winner Robbie Simpson to record a convincing win at a shortened 3-lap route due to the icy conditions.  '"
---

_Report from race organiser Andrew Wright:_

**The Law Breaker Hill Race 2009**

68 runners braved the snowy journey to Tillicoultry unsure if they were going to be ascending The Law or if a low level alternative was going to be utilised. As it was the latter option was exercised on safety grounds due to high winds and freezing blizzard conditions further up the hill. However, that didn’t prevent a tough and challenging course of approximately 2km and 185m ascent per lap, utilising the climb running right parallel to the Tillicoultry Mill Glen to the base of The Law proper, before descending the many icy steps and paths of the Glen itself. Three laps were the order of the day…

As with last year the race at the front featured several key names with 2008 winner Robbie Simpson (Deeside) determined to retain his crown. It was not to be. A resurgent Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale Harriers), after a year plagued with injury, looked stronger on each circuit, eventually crossing the line in 32.18. Next in was Robbie, 59 seconds down in 33.17, just ahead of the typically fast descending Brian Marshall (HELP) in 33.22.

The females race proved to be a closer affair this year with top finisher being Isobel Burnett (Carnegie Harriers) in 49.56, holding off Beryl Junnier (Wee County Harriers) who descended with trepidation each lap crossing the line in 51.08. Third spot was taken shortly afterwards in 51.17 by Sandy Brindley (Bellahouston Road Runners) who just pipped Maggie Spalding (Hunters Bog Trotters) in a sprint for the finish.

In the other categories, Munro bagging legend Steven Fallon (Carnethy Hill Runners) took the 1st Male Vet honours and 10th overall in 38.15, while Bob Johnson (Carnethy Hill Runners) ran 39.13 to take top Male Super Vet and 15th overall. The 1st Female Vet was visiting American Patricia Pahlman (Unattached) in 71.50.

The team prize went to Carnethy Hill Runners (Jon Ascroft, Steven Fallon & Bruce Smith) with 20 points.

A big thanks again to race sponsors Sweatshop Edinburgh, the Tryst Brewery in Larbert, and also Tommy Lawrence Fitness, as well as the assistance provided by Carnegie Harriers and others who helped with the kitchen, timekeeping and marshalling duties. Normal service next year weather permitting!

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0569&RaceYear=2009)
