---
title: "Medals aplenty for Scots in British and Irish Junior Home Internationals, 4 October"
date: 2009-10-05
excerpt: "Catriona Buchanan wins the U18Gs, Robbie Simpson the U18Bs and every Scottish team is in the first three...  '"
---

_From Team Managers Emma Birnie and Hugh Buchanan:_

A perfect day for running in the hills greeted the home nations for the Junior Home International at Sedbergh. After a blustery recce of the course the night before the wind had finally dropped and the sun was shining for the event.

Scotland’s young athletes also shone with some outstanding individual performances and solid team performances from all age categories. On the grassy slopes of the Howgills the athletes faced some very steep ascent and some equally challenging descents as they fought their way up, around and down Winder Hill.

In the U14 race Chris Galloway (Corstorphine) gave his all on the tough 3.2km and 220m of ascent course to be rewarded with a superb second place and Lizzie Knox and Rachel Grieve (both Anster Haddies) also showed gutsy performances.

The U16 race saw the Scottish boys packing well throughout the testing 4.3km loop with local knowledge of the hills giving Peter Harrison (Border Harriers) the edge on team mates Adam Gatens (East Kilbride), Cameron Paul (Arran Runners) and Adam Harris (Fife AC) to bring them home in 5th, 7th, 8th and 11th respectively and securing team silver medals behind England.

In the U16 girls race (4.3km, 290m ascent) it was a close battle between Scout Adkin (Moorfoot) and team mate Halina Rees (Fife AC) for the top Scotland spot with Scout ahead until the final descent and Halina ending up with an impressive 4th, Scout 5th and Kirstie Rogan (Forres Harriers) completing the team in 13th. The girls just missed out on silver medals by one place and were awarded with team bronze behind England and Wales.

The U18 race (6.4km, 400m ascent) saw Scotland's top performances with Catriona Buchanan (Central AC) storming home, minutes ahead, in first place for the girls, and a Scotland-dominated boys field with Alex Hendry (Central AC), Robbie Simpson (Deeside) and Jamie Stevenson (Ochil Hill Runners) working together out in front the entire race. Robbie passed Alex on the brutal top section of the ascent, and then retained his lead and widened the gap on his run for home eventually finishing in first to take gold medal, Alex placing 2nd, Jamie in 3rd and final team mate James Waldie (Cornwall AC) showing great form and finishing in 5th to secure team gold.

The U18 girls team having been brought home in glory by Catriona was completed by steady running from Rachel Armitage (Aberdeen AAC) in 8th and Alex Campbell (Moorfoot) in 9th with the team again just missing out on silver medals by one place.

Well done to all runners today and remember that the City of Edinburgh Trophy is only on loan to England for a year, we’ll get it back next time!

[Selected results](Download.aspx?Item=JHI2009Results.pdf) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/43183046@N05/sets/72157622514749824/) from Emma Birnie
