---
title: "Simpson and Whitehead have a spring in their step: Bishop Hill, 1 March"
date: 2009-03-02
excerpt: "Robbie Simpson (Deeside) beats his elders yet again and Clare Whitehead (Cosmics) regains the women's record.  '"
---

From race organiser Alan Graham:

"One of the few races that starts with a downhill (we searched the hill for the most awkward start!). The grassy track gives a tough run round the side of the hill with a grandstand view of Loch Leven and the gliders coasting above. A short steep climb takes the runners over the twin rounded peaks of White Craig with the two marshals Charlie and Findlay dressed like camouflaged nipples. Then it’s a-over-t back down the direct route with the big hollow at the finish to catch out the careless. The runners and marshals (thanks once again!) enjoyed a bright blustery afternoon with a nasty squall chasing the tail-enders off the hill.

Robbie Simpson of Deeside showed his promise once again by taking and holding a commanding lead over Brian Marshall (HELP) with Robbie finishing in 17.45 to Brian’s 18.56. Steven Fallon (Carnethy) came in first vet in 19.37 with Don Reid Westies) first supervet in 22.15 and Charlie Love (Dundee HH) first over 60 in 27.00.

In the ladies' race Clare Whitehead (Cosmics) had a superb run to smash the ladies' record in 21.16 (sorry we missed that at prizegiving Clare!) ahead of Jaqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) in 24.07 who was also first vet. Alison West (Carnegie) took first supervet place in 28.24."

The junior race was won in 16.00 by Helen Rogers (Westies) from Mhairi Roberts (Unatt) in 17.12.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0018&RaceYear=2009)
