---
title: "Danny Hughes 1936-2009"
date: 2009-02-10
excerpt: "We have just heard the sad news that Danny Hughes, President of the World Mountain Running Association and perhaps the best known figure in the sport of hillrunning around the world, has died suddenly at the age of 72."
---

We have just heard the sad news that Danny Hughes, President of the World Mountain Running Association and perhaps the best known figure in the sport of hillrunning around the world, has died suddenly at the age of 72. Danny was a lifelong competitor on the hills, with perhaps the pinnacle of his racing achievements coming when he became British 050 champion in 1988. His love of the hills and the desire to put something back brought him into the administration side of the sport, as a race organiser and club official for Cumberland Fell Runners. He became involved in the Fell Runners Association, serving as its Chairman between 1980 and 1984. He then progressed on to the world stage, becoming first Secretary and then President of the World Mountain Running Association, which he helped to set up. Over a 25 year period he has done more than anyone to advance the development of the sport – whether you call it fell, hill or mountain running – at the international level. He will be sorely missed and our thoughts are with his family and many friends.

This message received from Harry Jarrett of Cumberland Fell Runners:

"Sadly I have to report the death of Danny Hughes one of our founder members and CFR member from the club's inauguration until the present day. Danny aged 72 died very suddenly and peacefully at his Gosforth home on Monday 9th February. Danny will be remembered by many of the fell runners throughout the country and abroad because of his association with the sport over the past 40 years or more. Firstly as a competitor and head of the CFRA committee which was dedicated to promoting races within West Cumbria. These races included the Ennerdale, Wasdale, Muncaster, Blake and Kinniside. Danny went on to win the British V50 title in CFR colours. Danny went on to serve for many years on the FRA committee. More recently he will be remembered for his work with the World Mountain Running Association of which he was the president. This role took him to all parts of the world. Danny and his family have also staged the Screes and Middle fell race over the past 10 years or so. Obviously Danny has contributed a great deal of time and effort to the sport of fell running in West Cumbria and all over the world. He will be sadly missed and at this sad time our thoughts are with Norma and the family.

Dannys funeral will be on Tuesday 17th February. A service will take place at the Disington crematorium for immediate family only, followed by a service of thanksgiving and celebration of Danny's life at St Mary's Church in Gosforth at 12-00noon, where anyone who knew Danny are most welcome to attend.

The family have asked that flowers are from the family only, but that any donations are welcome and will go to the Gosforth and district first responders."
