---
title: "Symonds is the Prince of Darkness: River Tay Dash, 6 March"
date: 2009-03-09
excerpt: "In the first of the three Highland Boundary Series races Andy Symonds emerged from the dark just ahead of Robbie Simpson; Alison Pollard was the first lady to appear.  '"
---

From organiser Adrian Davis:

The initial race in the Highland Boundary Races commenced at the Hermitage, near Inver, Dunkeld last Friday night with 35 people taking part.

I led out the race on my mountian bike followed closely by Andrew Symonds and Robbie Simpson, with head torches beaming and reflecting among the giant Douglas firs surrounding the Hermitage. The roaring waterfall drowned out the runners and I was caught at the steps by some very fleet-footed runners thundering down the track in the dark. They were away before I could catch them and down to Inver along the river Braan.

The lights shone in the underpass below the A9 and everyone passed the first marshall and off they dashed along the path to Bitnam and the fishing hut before the muddy field, a line of torches in the dark. The ploughed field seem to catch most people out and separated the field until Andy Symonds stormed in 25:03 just a few seconds ahead of the new prodigy Robbie Simpson, still only 17 years old. They were closely followed by Ross McLennan, last year's overall winner and then a small gap to the next runners Will Hensman and Adam Ward - but it was difficult to tell who was who in the dark. The leading ladies came in 38:36 with Alison Pollard holding off the group behind her.

The finish at the end of the park was illuminated by all sorts of fancy lights to show people the way home. Then it was tea and drinks back at the Birnam Guest House, the venue for the weekend.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2009)
