---
title: "Highlander Mountain Marathon, 18 April"
date: 2009-04-23
excerpt: "The Highlander Mountain Marathon was blessed with two days of the most fantastic weather. There were good runs in each of the five categories and the superb visibility led to few serious navigational errors. Congratulations to all the runners who took part. Read on for the organiser's report....  '"
---

The Highlander Mountain Marathon was blessed with two days of the most fantastic weather, and the sun cut the sky in half. There were good runs in each of the five categories and the superb visibility led to few serious navigational errors. Congratulations to all the runners who took part.

Here is the organiser's report:

"Strathfarrar was the venue for this year’s Highlander Mountain Marathon. We hoped, against the stunning backdrop of Monar and Glen Affric and the hills still crowned with snow, we would be able to give runners a couple of great days out in the hills. After 2008, and the media storm surrounding the OMM, we all had our fingers firmly crossed for a bit of luck with the weather. And luckily our wishes came true. Like 2007 we had near perfect clear skies right through the weekend!

After some initial discussions with the land owners, principally of the Culligran and Braulen estates, we gave the planning team (Alec Keith, Ray Wilby and Ian Hay) the go ahead and some initial adventures into the hills of Strathfarrar were made to see if the area would be suitable for running. With hikes into the hills in all sorts of conditions they put together 5 great courses to rival any mountain marathon in the country. If you fancy a wee break in Strathfarrar in the future, accommodation is available at the excellent cottages on the Culligran Estate - www.culligrancottages.co.uk

The Event Centre location is always an essential part of the Highlander. In Strathconon it was the Hall decked from wall to wall with Deer heads, Torridon the stunning new community hall and Strathfarrar did not let us down. Matt and Faye from the Cannich campsite provided an amazing venue for us and participants had use of all of the 4 star facilities available there. We do hope that some of you will return to the campsite in the future.

The conditions for the Highlander this year could not have been more favourable. The sun shone from start to finish (apart from overnight). We were lucky enough to be out on the courses on the Saturday afternoon and could not believe how breathtaking the scenery and weather had turned out.

This year we had 96 teams in total sign up for the Highlander. The event is one of our favourites to be involved with and we get such positive feedback every year that it is difficult not to be filled with enthusiasm and energy.

This year we again had the support of Craigdon Mountain sports. Without them the event would not happen. They have provided help, support, t shirts and prizes for the event from day one. We are enormously grateful for their continued generosity towards the event. Check out their website at: www.craigdonmountainsports.com

This year we also had Dare 2b come onboard as an event Sponsor and their contribution towards the event was unbelievably generous. They provided all marshals with kit for the weekend and supplied some great prizes. So a huge thank you must go out to the people from Dare 2 b. They have great gear at: www.dare2b.com

Red Poppy Event catering were on hand throughout the event to provide nourishment for everyone. Again they have kindly supported the event in its many challenging locations since day 1. North of Scotland Marquees have also been involved with the event from the start and their ability to put up marquees where most companies would just laugh, is a real bonus to the event and makes the Saturday night ceilidh possible. Music was provided by the fantastic Dougie Beck and friends - with their excellent tunes and explanations of the dances every one on the floor had a smile.

Thanks must also go out to Global Mapping for the maps, Jon Brooke for the event photography (there will be great photos to buy at www.rightplacerighttime.co.uk) and of course Andrew Leaney who goes beyond the call of duty time after time to support our events for Sportident. Thanks also to Gerry and Sian from Torridon Mountain Rescue team who were on hand for any first aid and Mike Walker and Graeme Campbell who were kind enough to be our hill marshals this year.

And our final thanks go to the people who make this event work – the planners, the controller, everyone who helped put out controls and of course all our marshals whose humour and enthusiasm make this event so special.

So thank you all for coming and making the event so much fun. The best weekend of the year so far!"

[Results](http://www.highlandermountainmarathon.org.uk)
