---
title: "Glen Rosa Horseshoe, 20 June"
date: 2009-06-21
excerpt: "Stewart Whitlie and Ellie Homewood triumphed over the testing Glen Rosa course.  '"
---

_Report from race organiser, Paul Emsley:_

"Stewart Whitlie and Ellie Homewood triumphed over the testing Glen Rosa course. After the blood bath that was the Goatfell race, first aiders were primed and ready to go, but fortunately the only visible damage on any of the runners was a bramble scratch picked up by Stewart on the entry to the finish field! But thank you to St Andrew's Ambulance Corps for being ready. Thanks also to the Arran Mountain Rescue Team for manning all the check points on the route.

The day started unpromisingly wet, with cloud covering all the hills. Fortunately, the cloud was lifting as the runners set off, and visibility was good at all the right places. The Carnethy pairing of Jon Ascroft and Stewart Whitlie led the field round the course, with Jon setting the pace over Beinn A'Chliabhan and Cir Mhor. Stewart took a slightly higher (and shorter) line from the Coll round to the Saddle, and blasted up to North Goatfell building a winning lead as he did so.

Stewart took home the silverware as overall winner and first M40. Chris Upson was third and Moorfoot's Russell Anderson finished fourth for the M50 trophy. Ellie Homewood was a comfortable winner of the ladies' trophy. This was Ellie's third win out of four consecutive Arran Runners events, only a second place finish at Goatfell prevented her completing a Tiger-slam. (Ask a golfer, if you don't understand!)

Only 23 runners started the race. When the number of people required to organise and marshal the event is greater than the number of competitors, the viability of the race has to be questioned. From a personal point of view, I don't mind. I'm only giving back to hill running for the pleasure I get at all the races I take part in. The biggest burden falls on the Mountain Rescue Team, who spend the best part of ten hours getting into place, doing their marshalling, and getting off the hill again. I'll have to discuss the situation with them before deciding whether to carry on with the event next year. "

Paul Emsley, Arran Runners.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0053&RaceYear=2009) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157620466928099/)
