---
title: "Whitehead splashes her way to a new record at Durris Mast, 21 May"
date: 2009-05-25
excerpt: "Simon Peachey and Clare Whitehead master the wet conditions, the latter (third overall) in a new women's record.  '"
---

_From Fiona McDonald:_

The Durris Mast Race held on Thursday 21st May was the first of the four Cosmic Summer Series Races. Unfortunately it was a wet evening and the ground was very wet and boggy most of the way round. Runners returned covered in mud with tales of swimming in bogs. Surprisingly most people seemed to enjoy the experience even those wearing road shoes!

A junior race was held for the first time this year with a course distance of 3.2km, height 412m covering some challenging terrain. Well done to Joseph Helmore (MU16), first junior home, setting a course record of 21:55.

Simon Peachey - new Cosmic recruit - led the field in fine style with a winning time of 39:57 followed by Rob Brooks (Cosmics) in second place with a time of 42:15. Clare Whitehead (Cosmics) had another fantastic run to finish first lady and third overall in a time of 43:00 setting a tough new ladies' record. Alan Smith (Deeside Runners) was first M40 and Steve Helmore (Cosmics) was first M50. Carolyn McLeod was second lady (first F40) and Jenny Boyd (Cosmics) was third lady. Anita Hamilton (Cosmics) was first F50.

Many thanks to Fountains Forestry and Aviva for permission to stage the race and to Matt Brettle, Ian Searle and Diana Jermieson for marshalling.

To ensure you receive the results after each race and any further details about races please sign up to the new yahoo group [here](http://uk.groups.yahoo.com/group/cosmic_summer_series/).

The next race in the Cosmics Summer Series is the [Balmedie Beach Bash](RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0548&System=Metric&Month=6) on Thursday 18 June.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0545&RaceYear=2009)
