---
title: "Fine Bronze for Jamie Stevenson in World Challenge, 28 June"
date: 2009-06-28
excerpt: "Jamie Stevenson (Ochil Hill Runners) was the star performer for Scotland at the World Mountain Running Junior Challenge in Germany on Sunday....."
---

This report from Team Manager, David Armitage:

"Jamie Stevenson (Ochil Hill Runners) was the star performer for Scotland at the World Mountain Running Junior Challenge in Germany on Sunday. By the start of the last lap of the gruelling five lap course, Andrey Rusakov of Russia had established a winning lead but a chasing group of four were all still in contention for the remaining two medals. Sergey Zvonerev of Russia was the first to break clear from this group but by the bottom of the main descent Jamie was also away leaving Olocco Giovanni of Italy and Billy Pinder of England to battle it out for forth place. Jamie was backed up by Adam Gatens in 19th and James Waldie in 20th to give Scotland fourth place out of the ten national teams competing.

The girls’ race covered three of the same testing laps, each measuring 950 metres and with 72 metres of climbing. The Russian girls took an early lead but were soon swept up by the Italians who ran a well judged race to take the first two places and the team prize. Scout Adkin was the leading Scot in 8th place and with Rachel Armitage in 16th and Kirstie Rogan in 20th the Scottish team placed 5th.

The event was based in the beautiful small town of Ostheim vor der Rhoen and the course in nearby Hausen was very well planned on trails and grass to give a true test of hill running ability well suited to the 16 and 17 year age group of the competition."

Results:

Junior Men

1\. Andrey Rusakov (Russia) 20:42

2\. Sergey Zvonarev (Russia) 21:16

3\. Jamie Stevenson (Scotland) 21:20

19\. Adam Gatens (Scotland) 22:47

20\. James Waldie (Scotland) 23:01

Teams: Russia, Italy, England, Scotland.

Junior Women

1\. Beatrice Curtabbi (Italy) 14:20

2\. Letizia Titon (Italy) 14:21

3\. Justyna Jendro (Poland) 14:26

8\. Scout Adkin (Scotland) 14:49

16\. Rachel Armitage (Scotland) 15:47

20\. Kirstie Rogan (Scotland) 16:29

Teams: Italy, Poland, Russia... Scotland (5th).
