---
title: "Murray Strain wins Maddy Moss, 15 July"
date: 2009-07-16
excerpt: "Murray Strain (HBT) won the Maddy Moss race with Andrew Wright (Carnegie) 2nd, and 2007 Maddy Moss winner Day Gay (HBT) in 3rd place. In the women's race Iona Robertson (Bellahouston) finished first, ahead of Sula Young (HBT), with Ellen Homewood (Westerlands) in 3rd place.  '"
---

Murray Strain (HBT) won his 2nd Bog and Burn race in a row with a win at Maddy Moss after finishing first at Red Moss 3 weeks ago. Andrew Wright (Carnegie) was 2nd, with 2007 Maddy Moss winner Day Gay (HBT) in 3rd place.

In the women's race Iona Robertson (Bellahouston) finished first, getting the better of Sula Young (HBT) who was running the steep and slippery course in road shoes. Ellen Homewood (Westerlands) finished 3rd.

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0080&Year=2009) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157621795814304/)

_Report from race organiser John MacEwan:_

"Wednesday 15th July 2009 saw another big field turn out in Tilli for the 2009 Maddy Moss Mash, not quite the size of last years but with 122 starters its certainly proving to be a popular midweek race. Conditions were a bit damp for registration but by the time 7:30pm came around the showers had eased off and blue skies were appearing. The showers had done enough to play their part in the race perhaps and I believe conditions were a bit 'skity' underfoot in places.

Well done to Murray Strain who won the race in a time of 50.38, well up on Andrew Wright who was second in 52.52 and third placed Dan Gay who finished in 54.59. Iona Robertson was first female in 61.02, Sula Young second in 62.31 and Ellie Homewood finished as third female with a time of 66.53.

Thanks to Geoff Smith and the Remote Rescue Medics team for providing first aid support on the hill, to Williams Bros, Alloa, and The Running Company, Bridge of Allan, for help with prizes and to Jaymie Mart of Lucozade Sport for coming along with samples and advice.

Special thanks to all marshalls helping on the night, good to have you all there, the Maddy Moss Mash couldn't run without you!"
