---
title: "Symonds and Jenkins triumph at Loch Lochy Munros, 13 June"
date: 2009-06-14
excerpt: "Andy Symonds and Kate Jenkins won the inaugural Loch Lochy Munros, read on for the organiser's report.  '"
---

This report from organiser Bruce Poll:

"After a few early midges, the skies cleared for the first competitive running of the Loch Lochy Munros in near perfect running conditions. The start from the Witches Pool was spectacular. 57 starters and 57 finishers (with the help of our hill marshalls, Tom and Matt), made the day a success for all. Local boy Davy Rodgers felt the pace needed lifting early on, and set off alone. Andy Symonds took the only Munros available to slowly reel him in and then extend his lead towards the finish to set a time for future years to beat. Davy held onto second, and kept Simon Peachey and Brian Marshall at bay. Davy took the V40 by 4.5 minutes from Alex Keith.

Kate Jenkins in the ladies race worked hard to stay well clear and has set the standard for future ladies. Second lady and first V40 Susannah Macmillan continued her fine season after Stuc a' Chroin, keeping Amanda Blackhall in 3rd.

From comments the course seemed very runnable, but hard, and one that should see itself slot into the calendar for future years. There was a very remote feeling leaving the ruin at Fedden for many.The nearness of the refreshments and a dip in the River Arkaig adjacent to the finish made a great finale. The grassy descents in particular seemed popular (a rare thing to be able to enjoy freely in Lochaber these days - the grassy bank dilemma on the Ben continues!!).

Graham Arthur must surely now extend his lead in the Long Classics further and was first MV60, but it looked like it hurt today. Peter Simpson enjoyed the faster going to comfortably take the MV50, while Elaine Stewart took the FV50.

One point as race organiser: people who sign up for these AL races must carry a map and compass. Emphasis and honesty needs to be placed on knowing how to use them to make sure the marshalls get back before all the beer is drunk. The weather was dry, cloudbase mainly above the summits and a warm day, it was an easy navigation day (Race organiser is a Mountain Instructor and Orienteer). It is easier to become a better navigator than a better runner! Thanks for making it a great day this year, and well worth doing again. Hope to see you all next year. Will sub 2 hours be broken? "

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Lochy Munros 2009 Results.xls) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157619801134197/)
