---
title: "Medals for Scots at Inter-Counties, 23 May"
date: 2009-05-24
excerpt: "Matthew Gillespie (West) was third overall and first JM, Sue Ridley (East) was first L40 and Fiona Maxwell (West) first L45; West's women were third team.  '"
---

_From Emma Birnie and Hugh Buchanan:_

The Inter-counties hill running championships took place on Saturday 23 May at Hutton Roof Crags near Kendal. Scotland was well represented by a total of 25 athletes in East, West, Central and North teams, with men and women running over the same 7 mile circular course with 1300 ft of climb, ascending to Hutton Roof Crags and Farleton Knot.

Scotland made their impact on English soil with Matthew Gillespie (Scotland West, Shettleston) bringing home a bronze medal for an impressive 3rd place overall and first junior male. Scotland West women's team of Fiona Maxwell (Shettleston), Iona Robertson and Emma Birnie (both Bellahouston) also made their mark by bringing home bronze medals for third team.

Other top-ten individual results were Tom Owens (Scotland West, Shettleston) 8th overall, Sue Ridley (Scotland East, Edinburgh) 6th woman and 1st LV40, and Fiona Maxwell (Scotland West, Shettleston) 7th woman and 1st LV45.

Amongst the team, the women placed highest, with Scotland West 3rd and Scotland East 4th (just beating Greater Manchester on first-team-home), and Scotland Central in 8th. Among the men's teams, the honours were in the same order with Scotland West 4th, Scotland East 6th and Scotland Central 9th. Unfortunately, the Scotland North teams were incomplete.

[Provisional results](http://www.race-results.co.uk/results/2009/hutton.htm)
