---
title: "Bella's inaugural Ben Venue Race is a great success despite the weather, 3 October"
date: 2009-10-03
excerpt: "Matt Williamson (Bellahouston) and Fiona Maxwell (Shettleston) were the main winners over a route shortened because of high winds...  '"
---

_From race organiser Andy Birnie:_

The gusting 80mph wind forced a course change, but nothing could dampen the friendly atmosphere or the competitive racing for Bellahouston Road Runners' inaugural Ben Venue race. The race had a bit of everything - fast forest paths, muddy bogs, open hillside & a quick taste of the gales at the cairn but more importantly there were lots of smiling faces and plenty of homebaking at the finish!

Matt Williamson (Bellahouston Road Runners) was eventual winner of the 6 mile race (1800 feet of ascent) in a time of 51 mins 17secs, having led for most of the way. He held off newcomer Peter Devenport (Unattached) and Matthew Sullivan (Shettleston Harriers) during the fast descent through Gleann Riabhach.

In the women's race, Fiona Maxwell (Shettleston Harriers) had a slightly greater winning margin, winning in 59 mins 22 secs from Ellie Homewood (Westerlands) and Lyndsey Munro (Bellahouston Road Runners).

The boys from the east coast cleared up the vet prizes with Carnethy boys taking the vet40 prizes in order of Adrian Davis, Bruce Smith and Steven Fallon. Gordon Pryde (Lomond) collected the V50 prize while Keith Burns (Carnethy) was first in the competitive group of V60s.

The ladies' vet prizes were better spread around Scotland, with Jo Schreiber (Lochaber), Joanne Anderson (Carnethy) and Caroline Strain (Wee County Runners) collecting the V40 prizes and Helen MacPherson (Westerlands) taking the V50 prize.

Both team prizes went to the home club with counting runners Matt Williamson, Mark Johnston & Marcos Sans Gomez for the guys and Lyndsey Munro, Pauline Wright & Katie Padgham for the girls.

Many thanks to the 83 runners who ignored the weather forecast and turned up today, and helped raise over £400 for the Lomond Mountain Rescue Team. This was Bella's first hill race, so we'd love to hear your suggestions for how to improve things for next year. And there will be a next year, since we want to run the full advertised course, because we are so confident you will just love it! Please email any comments to benvenueATbellahoustonroadrunners.co.uk

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0596&RaceYear=2009) | [Photos-1](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157622387565595/) | [Photos-2](http://www.flickr.com/photos/43183046@N05/sets/72157622514811606/)
