---
title: "Sun shines on hardworking hillrunners at Wanlockhead"
date: 2009-01-19
excerpt: "'Run for the Hills, Run for your Life' proclaimed the commemorative T-shirts generously donated by '"
---

"Run for the Hills, Run for your Life" proclaimed the commemorative T-shirts generously donated by [Advertisign Direct](http://www.advertisigndirect.co.uk) to the hillrunners attending this year's Wanlockhead training weekend............

Well, the reality wasnt quite that dramatic, but there was still a lot of running in the gold-flecked hills above Scotland's highest village achieved by the hillrunners who came from Newton Mearns to Norway to participate in this Scottish Athletics training camp. Edel Mooney sends this report:

“25 people ranging from 12 to 60 something years old turned up at the Wanlockhead hill running weekend. Wanlockhead is an area rich in history and culture with beautiful heathery mossy hills as far as the eye can see.

The main objectives of Wanlockhead were:

a) To get some good quality training in;

b) Meet new people and have some fun;

c) To share ideas on improving performance.

I can safely say that the vast majority of people achieved these objectives.

The first day (Saturday) commenced with a repetition relay session in teams of either two or three. Although the terrain looked easy, it was deceptively challenging because of the increasingly steep incline along the back straight.

Scott Fraser organised a navigation exercise for the afternoon session. Other elite orienteers were on hand to run with us and assist so, besides being great fun and delightful, our skill improved no end. I have to say that I'm useless when it comes to maps but this weekend has actually peaked my interest in map reading and I'd now love to learn more!

After a good solid sleep, Sunday was another blissful day (God was on our side!) The air was crisp but perfect for running conditions. We all went out for a long run in groups of similar ability. The rolling hills, the blue skies, the camaraderie made it a perfect day.

The weekend was a total success. What made it special for me (and as corny as this may sound) was the lovely group of people that shared my passion for running on the hills. Everyone pulled their weight and helped out. This meant that Malcolm Patterson (who organised the weekend to perfection) wasn't left doing all the work.

Special thanks has to go to Martin Hyman for all his support behind the scenes, Paul Emsley for his continuous assistance with the younger runners and of course Saran, Mags and Jill who kept us very well watered and fed!

If you missed out on this year's adventure, be sure to book early for next year’s which will be on 9th-10th Jan 2010! You won't be disappointed! “

(Photos courtesy of Paul Emsley)
