---
title: "Superb racing at Devil's Burdens Relay, 24 January"
date: 2009-01-21
excerpt: "111 teams of 6 runners had a superb day's racing at the Devil's Burden Relay on Saturday, with the main titles going West.  Results are '"
---

Well over 100 teams of 6 runners had a superb day's racing at the Devil's Burden Relay on Saturday. Graham Bennison reports:

Shettleston headed 111 teams to win the Devils Burdens Hill Relay Race from Falkland with Bellahouston Road Runners successfully defending their women’s title. The event comprises four stages over the Lomond Hills with the first and third stages run in pairs.

The opening stage over the East Lomond to Holl Reservoir saw Carnegie duo Tommy Lawrence and John Hargreaves reach the changeover in 38 minutes 56 seconds chased by course record-holders Carnethy only eight seconds adrift with Ochil Hill Runners a further seven seconds back in third. Glasgow rivals Bellahouston and Shettleston followed over a minute down on the leading trio. Scott Bradley held Carnegie's lead over the second leg ascending the Bishophill and down to Scotlandwell clocking 26 minutes 47 seconds but it was Oleg Chepelin’s fastest stage time of 25 minutes 48 seconds that brought Shettleston through from fifth to second, closing to within twenty-seven seconds of Carnegie.

The mist descended for the tough third stage back up the Bishophill and over the West Lomond and not for the first time in the history of the race decided the final outcome. World long distance hill running champion Jethro Lennox partnered Shettleston colleague Tom Owens overhauling Carnegie’s Andy Wright and Andy Symonds to reach Strathmiglo in 52 minutes 56 seconds, forty-five seconds clear of the Dunfermline club.

Matthew Gillespie increased Shettleston’s advantage for the final stretch though the forest back to Falkland with the stage's second fastest time of 28 minutes 41 seconds to finish on a total 2 hours 26 minutes 21 seconds for the 22-mile route. Over-50 veteran internationalist Ian Stewart clocked 31 minutes 03 seconds as Carnegie finished runners-up in a total 2:29.33.

The Bellahouston RR women’s team placed 47th overall in 3 hours 19 minutes 08 seconds, well clear of Westerlands in 51st with Carnegie ladies following in 56th.

Carnethy led from start to finish to win the male veteran's category, finishing 7th overall, with Fife picking up the female veteran team prize.

Hosts Fife AC claimed second male veteran prize and the veteran women’s award but can be best pleased with the organisational logistics of an event over the hills contested by 660 runners (and involving nearly 1000 helpings of soup).

Results are [here](http://uk.geocities.com/fife_ac/Burdens09.htm). Photos [here](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/)
