---
title: "Safety on The Hills - a reminder"
date: 2009-06-23
excerpt: "Here is an important reminder to competitors - and spectators - about race procedures. Please read on for full announcement...."
---

To ensure that all competitors are accounted for, organisers may count competitors at the start, at marshal points and at the finish. To be effective, this check needs to exclude non-competitors from any count, and take account of retired competitors, together with the point at which they retired.

It is necessary for all competitors in hill races to observe the following procedures:

• If you retire during the race for whatever reason, you must notify a marshal or the organisers as soon as possible. You must then go to the finish, or get someone else to go on your behalf. This is to ensure that the race organizer understands that you have retired from the race and that your race number is accounted for. But when you get to the finish area, please do not cross the actual finish line as you would then be recorded in the race results.

• If you are running round any part of the course, but not competing, please ensure that you make this absolutely clear to any race marshals. Otherwise this can cause confusion for marshals and potentially compromise safety and accountability for the actual competitors. Again, please also ensure that you do not go through the finish system.

• If you are a competitor, you must cross the finish line as instructed by officials and proceed without delay to the recovery area. Do not recross the finish line under any circumstances.

There have been incidences of all these at recent races, and the confusion caused not only made it difficult to produce accurate results but also represented a potential safety risk as any missing competitors might not have been identified.

Thanks for your co-operation, and enjoy your upcoming hill races!
