---
title: "Bruce Smith is the fastest down Caerketton, 16 September"
date: 2009-09-17
excerpt: "Bruce Smith (Carnethy) wins the Caerketton Downhill...  '"
---

_From oraganiser Mark Johnston:_

The last of the summer sun was setting in the west as the runners stood atop the east cairn of Caerketton on a perfect evening for the eighth running of the Caerketton Doonhiller. What lay ahead for the 29 runners was a 1.8km plunge down the hillside to the Biggar Road, a vertical drop of 300m.

Current champion Al Anthony was resting up for this weekend’s Commonwealth Mountain Running Championships leaving the door open for previous winners Bruce Smith (Carnethy) and Mark Johnston (Bellahouston RR), and whoever else may come out of the woodwork.

Bruce grabbed the chance with both hands, setting a new veteran’s record of 5.22, taking one second of the record he jointly held with Steven Fallon. Doonhiller newcomer and adventure racer/orienteer Jonny Gallier (Unnattached) made an impressive debut clocking 5.25 for second place taking him to equal fifth on the all-time rankings. Mark made up the top third with his third-ever 5.35 clocking.

Fiona Lowrie (Carnethy) went one better than her second place last year to win the women’s race in a fast time of 7.14, 16 seconds ahead of Kate Kitchin (Lothian). Other category winners were V50 Russell Anderson (Moorfoots), V60 Tony Stapley (Portobello), Junior Man Trevor Wilkinson (Carnethy) and Junior Women Alice Hogg (Carnethy). Joint winners after a tough battle in the shorter junior race was Trevor’s brother Jacob Wilkinson (Carnethy) and Hannah Ledlie (Carnethy) who both took big chunks of their pbs.

Twenty-three prizes were on offer in this year’s prize draw. The top prizes went to second-place newcomer Jonny Gallier (bottle of malt whisky) and last-place Stephanie Moss (Salewa Skyrunner rucsac) though all prizes were much appreciated and some even useful! Many thanks to Andy, Hilary, Lorna, John, Shane and Michael for helping out and to Chris and Tom for donating prizes.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0184&RaceYear=2009)
