---
title: "Records wrecked in the Transalpine Run, 12 September"
date: 2009-09-13
excerpt: "Andy Symonds and Tom Owens win overall; Ben Bardsley and Angela Mudge are the first Mixed team, followed by Iona Robertson and Casey Morgan..."
---

_Adapted from the event's [web site](http://www.transalpine-run.com/alps_cross_start.htm):_

The two British racers Andrew Symonds and Tom Owens of Team ‘Saab Salomon Outdoor’ won today’s last stage of the GORE-TEX® Transalpine-Run 2009 from Schlanders to Latsch, Italy. As if victory wasn’t enough, they also set a new record on the 28.62 kilometer-long course in the mind-boggling time of 02:46:51.8 hours. The ‘British Blitz’ team also managed to beat the overall record for the entire course of almost 240 kilometers distance and a vertical gain of roughly 15,000 meters. In total, they spent 24:02:47.2 hours on the trails of the Western course through its eight stages.

They wrote history by beating all previously established stage records – despite ending up second once in the uphill sprint race. “We’re pleased and very satisfied. It was a great week and a fabulous course” Tom Owens summarized at the finish in Latsch. Team partner Andrew Symonds added: “The course between the start in Oberstdorf right to the finish in Latsch was just brilliant. It was a marvelous week.” The two ‘über-runners’ were quick to point out, however, that they had benefited from excellent trail and weather conditions. Owens noted that “these circumstances made it possible to deliver a consistent performance.”

_And..._

‘Saab Salomon Outdoor’ didn’t just provide the fastest Men’s team but also the victorious Mixed duo. Angela Mudge and Ben Bardsley, accustomed to stepping up to the podium, secured the last of eight consecutive stage victories in a time of 03:08:44.0 hours, which added to a total time of 27:26:24.4 hours on the trails. This made Mudge not just the fastest woman today but overall in the 2009 GORE-TEX® Transalpine-Run. Fellow British racers Iona Robertson and Casey Morgan of „TPC Freight Management“ (03:15:29.0 hours; 29:21:35.0 hours) placed second today and in the overall ranking.
