---
title: "Marshall and Whitehead revel in the heat at Slioch, 30 May"
date: 2009-05-30
excerpt: "Kinlochewe is Scotland's hot-spot, but Brian Marshall (HELP) and Clare Whitehead (Cosmics) are undeterred...  '"
---

Last week the conditions on Jura were vile, with rain, low cloud and strong winds. This weekend they were just as tough for Slioch, with temperatures at what one newspaper called the Costa del Kinlochewe "on a par with Majorca, Rome and Alicante – and better than the likes of Corfu, Malta and Ibiza".

In the inaugural race in 2008 Brian Marshall (HELP) had a substantial lead that melted away in the heat of the run-in. This year he was fire-proof over a somewhat-lengthened course, winning by 7 minutes from Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) with Dave Cummins (HHR) a minute further back in third. At the summit of Slioch, the leading bunch of 4 runners were still together, but Brian showed superior strength and class over the second half of the course, intially over the steep and often rough descent, followed by the long - and for many, very weary - run out back to Kinclochewe.

A trio of Cosmics came next, Robert Brookes separating Dan from in-form Clare Whitehead, coming home first woman after another excellent run. The second woman, Ellen Homewood (Westies), was nearly half-an-hour behind Clare - but even so bettered last year's winning time. Heather Dawe (Ilkley) was third, and Fabienne Thompson (Carnegie) was first F40.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0560&RaceYear=2009) | [Photos thanks to Highland Hill Runners](http://s156.photobucket.com/albums/t1/highlandhillrunners/Slioch%202009/) | [Photos thanks to Ross Bannerman](http://www.flickr.com/photos/25931381@N04/sets/72157619199415783/)
