---
title: "SHR Scottish Championships with one race to go"
date: 2009-07-14
excerpt: "A large field at Meall an t-Suidhe has sorted many categories, but some are going down to the wire - although there will be lots of time to check the permutations, get fit, get injured etc between now and the last race, which is at Meall a'Bhuachaille at end of October."
---

A large field at Meall an t-Suidhe has sorted many categories, but some are going down to the wire - although there will be lots of time to check the permutations, get fit, get injured etc between now and the last race, which is at Meall a'Bhuachaille at end of October.

First the new champions (though in many cases, they're not so new!). Despite missing Meall an t-Suidhe, Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) has retained her Woman's Over 40s title. After just missing out last year, Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) has won the Men's Over 40 title for the 5th time, which is a record for any individual champion. Doug Milligan (Solway) has recorded a hat-trick of wins in the Over 60s and, with maximum points, he's looking good for more. Carnethy have won both male team categories, the Seniors (4 to count) and the Over 40s (3 to count) - last year they had to share both titles, but have them out-right this year. Finally, but by no means least (!), Fife have retained (yet again) the Women's Over 40 Team Championship. Congratulations to all above for becoming 2009 championships.

In the Senior Men's, 2007 champion Brian Marshall is leading but could be beaten by Tom Owens, Andy Symonds or Andrew Wright. Jacqui Higginbottom is leading the Senior Women's but favourite is probably Claire Whitehead, while Alayne Finlay or Emma Birnie could also take it. The Men's Over 50s is neck and neck between Dave Scott (long specialist) and Martin Laing (short specialist), so with a medium race to come, it'll be quite exciting ! The Women's Over 50 is between Anita Hamilton and two times winner, Jocelyn Scott, but Anita has the advantage in this. Phyllis Lemoncello needs to complete Meall a'Bhuachaille to become the first ever female Over 60 to finish a championship. The Senior female team is between Cosmic (favourites), Fife, Carnethy and Lochaber !

Finally the Under 23s: this still has 2 races to go and with only 2 races to count, it could go any way, but does mean there is incentive for people to do these races.

Latest lists after Meall an t-Suidhe are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2009.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
