---
title: "Strain wins uphill struggle at Glas Tulaichean, 6 June"
date: 2009-06-07
excerpt: "Murray Strain and Edel Mooney were the winners at Glas Tulaichean on Saturday....  '"
---

_From organiser Martin Hyman:_

A bright day for the 14th running of the race. The going was good and mostly dry underfoot, with the burn crossings low. However the strong north-east wind slowed the runners considerably. On the summit, at 1051m, the wind was bitterly cold after overnight snow, and hail showers greeted the runners.

Some of our regular top finishers were otherwise engaged, but newcomers Murray Strain and Bob Wiseman ran strongly to finish first and second, whilst Edel Mooney stormed through to finish third overall.

Entries are taken on the day only, but the organiser insists on closing entries 40 minutes before the start, to allow runners to supply obligatory warm clothing to be taken to finish, by an off-road vehicle, which departs 30 minutes before the race. This is in addition to a compulsory waterproof body-cover check at the start. It so happens that I think that many recent Health & Safety regulations are ludicrous and an impediment to those who try to offer demanding and enjoyable events, but those who know how unforgiving of under-equipped people mountains can be, will understand why any responsible race organiser must enforce kit requirements. For this reason I have previously refused entry to folk who turn up too late to provide kit.

On this occasion a serious road traffic accident caused the closure of the A93, whilst a helicopter evacuated the injured. This caused a number of athletes to turn up shortly before or after the start. Some of these chose to run the course anyway, at their own responsibility and without a race number. These included Ian Stewart, M50, who started 2 minutes 30 seconds late and still finished in race time of 45.05. Alison Docherty finished in 48.30, Hazel Dean 53.28 and Steve Cromar in 68.27. Steve has been a loyal supporter of the event and the post-race reception has been enhanced by his copious and delicious home baking. Now in the over 70 class, he has been running particularly well after a period in the doldrums. Of course I toyed with the idea of delaying the start, but I decided against, out of consideration for those who were warmed up and ready to go, for those who had to get back by a deadline, and especially for Joyce and Val, the summit time-keepers. In any case I had no idea for how long the road would be closed.

Thanks again to the many who, without being asked, brought and served food, organised entries and contributed so much to the enjoyment and cameraderie of the event. Especial thanks once more to Simon Winton for the very considerable use of his facilities and for his unfailing goodwill and support.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0054&RaceYear=2009)
