---
title: "SHR End Season 'do' and Prize Giving - Sat 31st October"
date: 2009-08-10
excerpt: "This year's annual SHR 'Prize Giving, Dinner and Social' weekend will be on the weekend of 30th October - 1st November, tying in directly with the final SHR Championship race counter at '"
---

For 2009, the annual SHR 'do' will be returning to Badaguish Outdoor Centre, venue for a very successful and enjoyable weekend back in 2007. To add additional interest - and hopefully encourage plenty of would be prize winners to come along - the date coincides with the running of the final SHR Championship counter of the season, [Meall a' Bhuachaille](http://www.shr.uk.com/RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0110&System=Metric&Month=10), just up the road. The SHR Statistician has guaranteed that final results/placings for all individual and team categories will be completed by the prize giving that evening.

Self catering lodges (sleeping 12 -14) will provide accommodation on the Badaguish campus and these have to be booked/paid for 2 nights - ie Fri 30th and Sat 31st. This does however provide those attending the 'do' to have a full weekend away in Speyside at very reasonable cost. Those who have stayed in the lodges will testify to the excellent standard of accommodation available. Lodges can be booked on an individual basis or, if required, also block-booked for a single group. 4 lodges are available, so there will be plenty of choice/flexibility available, but clearly, the first come, first served rule applies !

The format for the evening entertainment on Sat 31st will be similar to previous years. Prize giving for both the SHR Championship and Long Series Classics Series will take place prior to a 2-course buffet dinner. A proper Scottish Ceilidh will follow, with music provided by a local band, whose line-up will include a certain SHR Committee member !! Numbers for the actual 'do' are limited to 60.

Prices for the weekend are as follows:

Evening 'do' only (meal and Ceilidh) - £26pp

Lodge accommodation (self catering) (for 2 nights) - £40pp, OR a (group) block booking of £450 per lodge.

To reserve a place for the 'do' and book accommodation at Badaguish, SHR members should send their requests, prefererably with full payment (cheques payable to Scottish Hill Runners), to the Treasurer, Louise Burt (address details below). If possible, please include a contact email address so that Louise can confirm your booking ASAP.

For bookings, please send to: Louise Burt, 14 Wallace Avenue, St Andrews, Fife, KY10 8AP.
