---
title: "Near and Higginbottom a class apart at sun-baked Highlander"
date: 2010-04-11
excerpt: "This year's Highlander Mountain Marathon was based at Gairloch, and just as in 2009, was blessed by superb weather. The sun shone throughout and with temperatures in the upper teens, it was, if anything, a little too warm for some. As usual, the event organisation was excellent and with a record entry of 140 teams, this was probably its most successful year yet. In addition to a Score Event, A, B C and D linear courses were available and in the long A course, Chris Near and Tim Higginbottom showed their class by coming out clear winners, posting some very impressive times and thereby winning the coveted Highlander sword for the second time."
---

The weather forecasters got it exactly spot on when they forecast sunny, warm and settled conditions for western Scotland mid-week and this made for another excellent Highlander mountain marathon. The event this year also benefitted from a new sponsor and many thanks are due to Haglofs for their very generous and extensive prizes.

Day 1 was based in the Flowerdale Forest area, south of the A832 with overnight camp (complete with customary Ceilidh and bar) just outside the small village of Shieldaig. Day 2 required more intricate navigation in the complex topography area lying to the east of Gairloch.

Chris Near and Tim Higginbottom very much enjoyed their journey up from Wales, winning the A class very convincingly, posting comfortably the best times on both days. Andy Fallas and Sam Hesling (Carnethy) ran very well to come in a strong second. An oversight on the control order on day 2 however led to Cosmic's Rob Brooks and Simon Peachey missing out on 3rd place, which went instead to local HHR team of Ross Bannerman and Dave Cummins. In the mixed category, two more Higginbottoms, Mark and Jacqui, ran very well to take a well deserved title.

Many thanks to all the organising team for another great event. Full results are available via the link below: [Highlander 2010 results](http://www.sportident.co.uk/results/2010/Highlander/)
