---
title: "Mudge is back!  Tarmachan, 18 April"
date: 2010-04-18
excerpt: "Its like she's never been away! Angela Mudge made a welcome return to Scotland and its hills by finishing first woman in the inaugural Meall nan Tarmachan race. Brian Marshall was the men's winner.  '"
---

Its like she's never been away! Angela Mudge made a welcome return to Scotland and its hills by finishing first woman in the inaugural Meall nan Tarmachan race. Brian Marshall was the men's winner. Steven Fallon reports:

"The inaugural Meall nan Tarmachan Hill Race saw 68 runners challenged by April snows on higher ground. With 700m of ascent and a distance of 9.5km, the race was categorised short, but it felt much more testing with rough terrain and the recent falls of snow. The race was won by Brian Marshall with Tom Smith of Lochaber and Paul Faulkner of Carnethy second and third. Angela Mudge, now back in the country, took the ladies title with Fiona Maxwell being the only other woman to cover the course in under one hour. Both men's and women's team prizes were won by Carnethy.

Everyone agreed this was a superb route and it is hoped to run the race as a regular fixture in the calendar. Many thanks to Killin Outdoor Centre who proposed and organised the event, to the sponsors including Salomon and Hi-Tec for prizes, Teko for giving a pair of running socks to every runner and the Real Food Cafe in Tyndrum for handing a goodie-bag to runners as they crossed the finish. The marshals and time-keepers did a brilliant job in the cold conditions and the Killin Womens' Institute put on a great spread of soup, sandwiches and cakes. But most importantly around £1,000 was raised for Cancer Research."

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0597&RaceYear=2010) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/stevenfallon/sets/72157623765631923/)
