---
title: "'Race of the two horse variety', Beinn Ratha, 24 April"
date: 2010-04-25
excerpt: "Rob Brookes (Cosmics) and Ross Bannerman (Highland Hill Runners) battled it out for the Beinn Ratha crown, with Rob eventually crowned king.......... All wasnt lost for the Bannerman clan, however, as Roxy won and smashed the course record.  '"
---

This report from Colin Earnshaw of North Highland Harriers:

"A breezy but warm day welcomed the thirty runners taking part in the most northerly hill race on the Scottish mainland. From the off it was apparent that the race was of the two horse variety with Rob Brookes (Cosmics) and Ross Bannerman (Highland Hill Runners) taking the reins with Ruard Erridge (North Highland Harriers), Mark Johnson (Metro Aberdeen) and the chasing pack some distance behind. After a couple of miles along a land rover track from the start the runners were welcomed on to the hill by boggy underfoot conditions. So with shoes laden the climb to the top began and although relatively small in terms of height it is full on heather bashing. Rob was first to the top with Ross not far behind before they turned for the steep descent to the stile and then another heather clad climb to the second top. From the second top it's good downhill running, albeit wet in places until the runners came off the hill and finished with a mile stretch along the main road to the finish. Rob maintained his lead all the way to the finish (making his 'cycle' trip from Aberdeen well worth it) with Ross about a minute behind in second and local runner Ruard Erridge seven minutes back to take third. Roxy Bannerman (HHR) stormed home in the women's race to not only take first prize but also beat the course record by seven minutes. Visiting runner Shoana Blackadder took a break from a day's surfing to take second place and Gemma Scott (Dundee Uni Tri Club) took third. 1st and 2nd male vets went to Mark Johnson (Metro Aberdeen) and Raymond Wilby (HHR) who came 4th and 5th respectively. 1st and 2nd place female vets went to Martine Hughes (NHH) and Louise Nadin (HHR).

A good spread of post race refreshments and a welcome seat were enjoyed in the clubhouse where the runners could replenish the calories left out on the hill and catch up with each other's running exploits.

Thanks to all the marshals, timekeepers, first aid, willing volunteers and Reay Golf Club for the use of their clubhouse and facilities. Special note made to the returning Charlie Jarvie who was one of the pioneers of the race nearly thirty years ago. Big thanks to all the runners who turned out, especially the ones making the trip from the South and we hope to see you all again next year."

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0031&RaceYear=2010)
