---
title: "Run-4-It Scottish Hill Running Championship after Chapelgill"
date: 2010-03-26
excerpt: "So the first championship race is out the way and, of course, with only one race to count so far, your positions are your Chapelgill positions."
---

So the first championship race is out the way and, of course, with only one race to count so far, your positions are your Chapelgill positions.

However items of interest include all 4 team events being won by Carnethy, taking full advantage of it being a local event. Also it is always of interest to see who has moved up a class - Martin Hulme is now going to make Doug Milligan work hard in the Over 60s and if Tom Scott gets his fitness back, both will have to watch out; Ronnie Gallagher is a new face in the Over 50s and could dominate this (though another new face, Colin Donnelly, is having a so low-key as to be nearly invisible start to the season). Brian Marshall is now Over 40, so none of the other Over 40s can afford to relax. There is actually less change in the women with the same people towards the front as last year.

The leading Under 23s, Robbie Simpson and Catriona Buchanan, did exceptionally well at Chapelgill with both finishing 2nd in the senior race. If anyone is under 23 but not down in the results as that, please tell me so I can add you. Remember, for the Under 23 championship you only have to do two races out of Chapelgill, Ben Lomond and Dollar.

The first listings for 2010 (baring errors !) are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2010.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
