---
title: "Birnam Races, 5-7 March"
date: 2010-02-24
excerpt: "Race report is below..........  '"
---

Report from race organiser, Adrian Davis:

" The third running of the Highland Boundary fell and trail races proved most popular at the weekend with a record number of runners, snow and lovely dry sunny weather.

The Tay Dash race was shortened to avoid a landslip in the Hermitage and the ice along the path at Inver (this was the third choice of route due to ice) but fortunately the race went without any serious mishaps. The course over the River Braan and along the River Tay was fast and furious with Des Crowe leading it out from Graeme Campbell with the women's race a closely contested affair between Jaqui Higinbottom and Emma O’Shea, the local National Trust ranger. I led the race out on the bike and it's quite amazing how fast you have to go to stay ahead of the runners in the dark with a small torch on a narrow path! Graeme Campbell finally outmanoeuvred Des Crowe just past the sewage farm to finish first in 21minutes 51seconds and Des 22.00 with Jaqui 24.00 holding onto first in the ladies' race from Emma 24.32. Neil Muir was third and first over 40 man in 23.03.

Birnam Hill is a true hill race through lovely birch then pine woodland before emerging above the trees onto Kings Seat. The descent is a good mixture of rocky knolls, steep grassy descents and trails with a rough wet rocky section to negotiate before the undulating finish at the Beatrix Potter garden. This year the foot of snow at the top made it even more interesting and the ice on the rocky section of the lower path was avoided by taking a detour into the forest adding about an extra minute or two onto the normal times. The race was led out by Des Crowe and John Hepburn, old adversaries before another old git, namely me, overtook them on the final climb to the summit. Speeding off the top in the almost virgin snow was interesting especially at the steps where I scooted down with a clear lead. But the old wily bird, Mr Crowe caught me just after the rocky descent and a wee fall on some ice gave Des the initiative to speed away and build up a commanding lead by the finish. However not before another turn of fate almost completely ended Des’s race as he ran straight into a iron gate across the path (left open on the drive to our doctor’s house!!) which left Des with a gaping head wound and blood draining from his face. The gate was closed soon after to avoid repetition. So Des first in 39.44, Adrian Davis 39.49 was second and John third. The ladies' race was also hotly contested with only 6 seconds separating Catriona Buchanan in 41.21 and Keri Weatherhogg 41.27.

Deuchary Hill, the final race, was shortened due to heavy snow on Deuchary hill but proved ever popular with 49 runners. Graham Bee led out the field at the start from the Hilton Hotel in the thawing snow up to the Rocking Stone and the happy smiling face of Louise and Kate the marshals. The route was clearly marked but three people missed one of the turns and took a slight detour which cost them the race including Graham but it was John Kay his Fife team mate who once in the lead could not be caught. Craig Love also took advantage to take second place with the fast finishing Graham Bee in third. The women's race was close with Fiona Maxwell returning from her exploits in the Everest marathon to win in 1.09.27 from Jaqui Higginbottom in 1.10.50.

The overall positions indicated how close it really was between the leading men with Des holding on to win in a time of 2 hours 7 minutes and 50 seconds from Grame Campbell 2.09.33 from Inverness Harriers and Neil Muir was third overall 2.14.03. Jaqui Higginbottom 2.18.15 won from Emma O’Shea 2.23.54 and Doreen Campbell was third lady in 2.35.28 looking far too relaxed at the end. The leading Vet 40 was Jim Valentine (given the prize as the first four were all vets) and David Duncan was first over 50 man. The lady vet prizes went to Liz Sloan over 40 and Anne Lister over 50. Well done to Bob Thornton and Bill Fisken who also completed the three races. We would like to thank all the landowners for access to their land especially Atholl estate, Murthly estate and the Forestry Commission. The race was brilliantly supported by a small team of marshals who also helped in all the wonderful homemade food including Louise Craig, Graeme Nicol, David Duncan, Laurie Anderson, Liz Sloan, Ann Lister and Christine, Kate and Alan. A big thanks to them. "

[River Tay Dash](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2010) | [Birnam Hill Classic](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&RaceYear=2010) | [Deuchary Hill Canter](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2010")
