---
title: "Records blown away at the Caerketton Doonhiller, 15 September"
date: 2010-09-16
excerpt: "Alasdair Anthony (Ochils) and Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) win in record times from a record field...  '"
---

_From organiser Mark Johnston:_

It was a night for records at this year’s Caerketton Doonhiller. Al Anthony (Ochils) pushed the course record that bit closer to a sub-5 by knocking 7 seconds off Ian Wellock’s course record, clocking 5mins 4secs for the 1.8km course with 300m descent. Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) knocked 23 seconds off her own women’s course record, Russell Anderson (Moorfoots) did the first sub 6 minute clocking by a vet 50 and Thomas Knox (Anster Haddies) set a new under 20 record of 6mins 15secs. Paul Ireland (Edinburgh) set a boys' record in the shorter junior race though was still 2 seconds outside Helen Roger’s overall junior record.

Other records included the largest turnout with 51 seniors and 7 juniors finishing. The wind speed was also the strongest ever recorded for the race, threatening to knock competitors off the summit cairn at the start. And I also had the shortest time ever (16mins) to get from registration to the summit in order to start the race on time!

Twenty six assorted prizes were on offer on the night including various beverages, top quality food and sports gear. Al won one of the more ‘assorted’ prizes for his efforts in the random prize draw, a box of 225 fluorescent bendy straws which he can use to drink all the beer and wine he wins in his forthcoming races!

We had a slight discrepancy in the results during the night with times and places becoming out of synch about halfway down the field, so some of the positions and times announced on the night may have been a little out. Apologies to anyone affected though the problem has now been rectified.

Many thanks to those who helped out on the night and see you all next year for more adrenaline filled fun!

[Results - seniors (amended)](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0184&RaceYear=2010) | [Results - juniors](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0413&RaceYear=2010) | [Summit photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157624843018653/)
