---
title: "Smith flies the flag for the M50s at Melantee, 3 July"
date: 2010-07-05
excerpt: "Alan Smith (Deeside), now an M50, wins at Melantee; Lyndsey Shaw (Lochaber) is first woman...  '"
---

_From organiser Niall MacBeath:_

After Fort Wiliam had enjoyed a couple of weeks of Mediterranean sunshine runners in this year's Melantee Hill Race found themselves competing in much cooler Lochaber weather. Lochaber's Bruce Poll and Donald Paterson started strongly as the runners left the field with the favourite Alan Smith of Deeside close behind. In the women's race Lyndsey Shaw took the lead early in the absence of Amanda Blackhall and Nicola Meekin.

By the time the runners were halfway down Alan Smith had a commanding lead over Bruce Poll and crossed the line exactly one minute ahead of the Lochaber man. Donald Paterson wasn't able to hold off John Binnie whose recent marathon exploits helped him to a strong finish. Richard Shaw looked as though he would pass Donald Paterson in the field but with 100 metres to go Donald went up a gear and crossed the line just a few seconds seconds ahead. There were also strong runs from Damian Forster and Keith Blackhall.

Lyndsey Shaw won the women's race with a personal best of 39 mins 57 secs taking 3 mins off her previous best. Dawn Scott was second and Nicola Forster third/first F40. There were also strong runs from Susan Jane Ross finishing second F40 behind Nicola and Julie Corner who was close behind Nicola as third senior female finisher.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0074&RaceYear=2010)
