---
title: "Gary Jones holds the Moorfooters at bay in the cross-Border tussle at Yetholm, 6 June"
date: 2010-06-06
excerpt: "Gary Jones (Northumberland FR) beats Tom Hobbs and Michael McGovern (both Moorfoot) while Jill Mykura (Carnethy) returns to take the ladies' race...  '"
---

Gary Jones (Northumberland FR) beat Tom Hobbs and Michael McGovern (both Moorfoot) in the rain at Yetholm. Ronnie Gallagher (Carnethy) and Peter Simpson (Carnegie) had a close battle for fourth and fifth - and first M50.

Jill Mykura (Carnethy), in her first race for some time, was well ahead of Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) and Julia Connor (Moorfoots).

_Race organiser Les Turnbull says:_

"Typical June weather with the cloud down and rain getting heavier to test the navigational skills.........could to better would be a fair assessment.

Winner Gary Jones admitted waiting nearly three minutes for the following runners to confirm the route and I was lucky enough to witness Ladies' winner Jill Mykura lead a group including the usual Norham contingent at right angles to the route off Staerough, very tempting to let them go but I did the decent thing and politely called them back.

A further four runners went off course on Steerig leading to a run down the valley and retirement but star of the day was the Boggie who appeared back by car from Kirk Yetholm (don't ask me how......he had no idea either) still it earned him some beer.

Thanks to my marshals and the Border Search and Rescue Unit we were able to quickly locate the lost souls although the we may have struggled with the Boggie had he not arrived when he did. I apologise for abandoning the prize giving but making sure every one was safe seemed more important at the time......prizes not collected on the day will be sent out soon.

Finally thanks to all who helped and ran.....an interesting day.......£150 raised for the Border Search And Rescue and hopefully our new sponsors Marshalls Outdoor Superstore will be selling plenty maps, compasses,whistles etc...

See you on the next SHR navigation course."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0056&RaceYear=2010)
