---
title: "Lomonds of Fife, 15 August"
date: 2010-08-16
excerpt: "A comfortable win for Robbie Simpson at the Lomonds of Fife Hill race.  '"
---

_From race organiser Alan Graham:_

By the time of the race the early haze had burnt off and it was wall to wall sunshine - our two Italian visitors must have felt at home! Robbie Simpson of Deeside had a good lead by the first visit to West Lomond and by the finish this was stretched to an impressive seven minutes over second placed Andrew Fallas of Carnethy. Mark Harris of Fife came in overall third to take the vets prize with Peter Simpson of Carnegie finishing an impressive fourth as first supervet. As always the descent gully provided good entertainment for spectators (see youtube for an older clip) and we always hold our breath until all are down safely. Bumsliding is definitely faster but the state of your backside may take a bit of explaining! An indication of the stifling heat was the unusual total of ten retirals.

Sarah O’Neill of HBT was first lady home in 2.05.19 with Ellie Homewood of Westies only a minute behind and Julia Connor of Moorfoots taking third place. Hilary Ritchie of Fife took the ladies vet prize with Tilly Smith first supervet.

The Carnethy men and the Fife ladies took the team prizes. Special mention should be made of Bobby Shields (Ben Nevis winner and West Highland way pioneer) who completed the race to celebrate his 65th birthday - well done Bobby!

Thanks once again to all the marshals and helpers who give their time up to make it possible for the rest of us to run.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0196&RaceYear=2010)
