---
title: "Prasad makes light work of Ben Lomond, 8 May"
date: 2010-05-08
excerpt: "Prasad clocked a new modern era record at Ben Lomond with 1:05:51 to win the race by more than 2 minutes from Robbie Simpson. First lady was Catriona Buchanan in 1:21:24.  '  '"
---

**Report from race organiser, Don Reid:**  
After last year's wintry weather, the worst I can remember since taking over as organiser, conditions could not have been any better for the 2010 Ben Lomond race. As I drove past the Whangie on Saturday morning, there was not a cloud in the sky over Loch Lomond and I knew we were in for a superb days racing. The good weather had brought out loads of walkers and the car park was half full when I got there at 09.30. This gave me two problems: (1) the chance of another complaint from a hill walker who did not like sharing the hill with 200 lunatics in vests and shorts, and (2) what to do with all the cars. Despite arranging extra parking with the Forestry Commission, I still ran out of space and although a lot of people had taken heed of my request to car share, there were still a lot of single drivers.

Anyway, back to the racing – Prasad Prasad took it on from the word go and as Chris Upson’s photos show had a good lead by the end of the plateau and was never challenged. I did not realise at the time that Prasad had broken Jethro Lennox’s record by 8 seconds despite suffering from blistering heels (a problem that had affected many runners during the race due to the dry conditions!). A good descent by young Robbie Simpson saw him claim 2nd overall and first U23. First V40 was Brian Marshall who is a bit of a Ben Lomond specialist. The V50 class was very competitive with Peter Simpson having a great climb to be first to the top only to get caught by Ronnie Gallagher on the descent. Tom Scott of Fife had a superb run to pick up the V60 prize.

First men's team was Carnethy, followed by Shettleston then Lochaber. Because I did not have time to calculate the 2nd and 3rd teams, I will have to get your silver and bronze SAL medals to you later.

The ladies race was won by young Catriona Buchanan who went one better than Robbie by winning the race outright and taking the U23 prize too. She fooled me by running for Ochils when I thought she was Central and so I gave the ladies team prize to Lochaber by mistake – sorry ladies. If the Lochaber ladies send me back the Gold SAL medals, I will send you the silver ones. Third team was Carnethy, again I will get your medals to you asap. First V40 lady was Andrea Priestley and first V50 Anita Hamilton of Cosmics.

A special mention should go to Phyllis Lemoncello and Keith Adams of Westies who took time out of their own race to attend to Al Anthony who took a nasty blow to the head while descending. Phyllis was rewarded with the ladies V60 prize. Also apologies to Iona Robertson of Shettleston who I missed out at the prize giving.

Other casualties included Adrian Davis who took a hard knock on the knee and Paul Thompson of Helensburgh. All were looked after superbly by the Lomond MRT.

The junior races (results to be posted soon) went well with only a couple of minor hitches. I would like to thank Martin Hyman who put in a huge amount of effort to make those races a success including organising marshals and marking the course on the Friday. Thanks Martin.

I would like to thank everybody (too many to mention!) who helped out to make the day the success it was and to the NTS ranger Alasdair Eckersall for allowing me to take an extra 50 entries and clear most of the reserve list that built up.

See you all next year  
Don

[Results](http://chris-upson.com/results/2010/BenLomond2010.htm) | [Fun run results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0544&RaceYear=2010) | [Photos](http://picasaweb.google.co.uk/chrisupson63/BenLomond2010#) | [More photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/26539817@N03/sets/72157623901191599/  "Photos by David Drewette")
