---
title: "Price leads the break out of Inveraray Jail, 9 May"
date: 2010-05-12
excerpt: "The Inveraray Jail Break was won by Philip Price and (in record time) Emma O'Shea...  '"
---

_From race organiser Fiona Corner:_

The weather was perfect for the second Inveraray Jail Break: slightly cloudy, cool at the start and no midges to bother the marshals. Thirty four runners from near and far set off from the town centre to the clang of the gaolers’ bell for the climb up to Dun na Cuiche, the watch tower above Inveraray. The lead was hotly contested through the castle grounds by the males with juniors jostling with the vets and seniors. The crowd thinned out as the steep climb took hold and by the summit the result was decided as Philip Price reached it ahead of all the rest. No time to look at the view as hot on his heels came the others including David McAlister, eventual male junior winner (31.22). Philip crossed the finish line in 29.06 closely followed by Crispin Walsh (29.29 2nd MS) and Alan Smith (29.55 1st MV) with Samuel Way (32.05 2nd MV) not far behind. Second junior local Toby Corner came next (32.24). David Duncan (32.18 3rd MV) and Emma O’Shea (32.34 1st FS) showing her experience along with Jonathan Weir (35.06 3rd MS) were swift to circumnavigate the watch tower and begin the fast descent.

The women’s race started to hot up now with the fastest ladies battling it out. After Emma came Lizzie Rose (36.57 2nd FS) and Ormsary jogscotland’s Dinah Bosomworth (37.20 1st FV). The local support for this event was fantastic with Minard’s Liz Feeney (2nd FV) reaching the finish line in 40.00 ahead of mother and daughter Fee (3rd FV) and Freya Corner (1st junior female) chasing her 7 seconds later. Fellow jogscotland member Naomi Dixon made 3rd FS in 40.55. The rest of the field followed fast pulled along by Pipers Eoghan Anderson and David Proven standing on the Aray Bridge, a perfect setting.

The race organisers are very grateful to Argyll Estates for allowing the race to take place, especially Marcus Van Stone and to Inveraray Jail for their sponsorship and fantastic prizes. Kathy and David Owen from Londis donated water and bananas for the finish line, Inveraray branch of the Edinburgh Woollen Mill and Loch Fyne Whiskies gave spot prizes. Shannon from Argyll adventure obliged for the second year running with large amounts of fabulous tablet which was much appreciated. Fiona and Bill Nelson provided first aid cover. Above all the marshals did a great job and without whom none of the above would have been possible. Many thanks to John Patrick for his photos and support.

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0576&RaceYear=2010)
