---
title: "Carnethy and Ochils triumph at the Simon Wake Comrie Hills Relay, 12 September"
date: 2010-09-13
excerpt: "Carnethy overhaul Deeside at the finish; Ochils are the first women's team...  Results at the '"
---

_From Strathearn's Phil Mestecky:_

_A record 35 teams from 18 clubs took part in this year's relay run over a reconfigured course. The new route for leg 2 proved largely popular with runners although some over-zealous course taping by one of the landowners attempting to prevent runners visiting a pheasant wood created a degree of chaos towards the end of leg 4._

_

The men's race was a real thriller with the lead changing hands between Carnethy, Deeside and Strathearn (briefly) before Robbie Simpson's record-breaking run (the first leg 3 runner ever to break the hour) seemed to have put the race beyond doubt. However, as seems inevitable in the Comrie Relay, a final twist and a couple of missed turnings by the final Deeside runner allowed Tim Darlow to snatch victory with a final sprint across Laggan Park to the finish to claim victory for Carnethy by just 7 seconds after over 40km and 3.16.07 of running.

In the women's event it was also a close-run thing with Ochil and HBT "Trottettes" swapping the lead a couple of times before Andrea Priestley's excellent leg 3 run (1.13.45) opened up an unassailable lead finishing in 3.57.08.

Fife AC not only won the Men's Vets race, by just a couple of minutes from Deeside in 3.22.46, but also the Women's Vets in 4.08.13.

Lothian were clear winners in the Mixed competition with a stand-out performance, again on Leg 3, by Ian Donnan. Lothian finished in 3.40.03.

Fastest Legs were recorded as follows:

Leg 1: Andy Fallas (Carnethy) - 46.55  
Leg 2: Drew Tivendale and Sam Burgess (Deeside) - 39.04  
Leg 3: Robbie Simpson (Deeside) - 59.31  
Leg 4: Bill Fairmaner (Fife) - 38.07

As usual the day ended with cups of tea, plenty of post-race analysis and a great barbecue sitting in the sunshine.

Results at the [Strathearn Harriers' website](http://www.strathearnharriers.org.uk/ComrieHillsRelay2010resultsv2.pdf) | [Photos](http://picasaweb.google.com/McStecko/SimonWakeComrieHillsRelay2010)

_
