---
title: "'Mountain Running' comes to Aonach Mor on 18 September"
date: 2010-08-19
excerpt: "Aonach Mor is the venue for the inaugural Mountain Running Senior Home Internationals and the final race in the McCain Mountain Running Challenge..."
---

_Mark Johnston writes:_

The northern slopes of Aonach Mor will see the top mountain runners from England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales battle it out for honours in the inaugural UK Athletics Mountain Running Senior Home International. The Aonach Mor Mountain Run is a continental-style uphill-only race from the bottom Nevis Range Gondola Station (100m) to the finish at 850m high up on the ski slopes of the mountain.

The 6.4km route starts off relatively tamely, climbing at a gentle gradient for 2.5km on the lower forests trails, before hitting the infamous Nevis Range World Cup Downhill Mountain Bike track. Runners will be tackling this as the main climb up to the Upper Gondola Station, a very challenging route of varying gradient and terrain. This middle section of the route is also the main route used for the New Year and Off Beat Bikes Aonach Mor uphill races. From the Upper Gondola Station the route takes to the Nevis Range ski slopes for a final sustained climb to the finish.

The national teams will comprise five seniors and two under 23s for the men and four seniors and two under 23s for the women with individual and team medals at stake.

The race also incorporates the fourth and final race in the McCain Mountain Running Challenge. The current challenge leaders Gareth Raven (Sale) and Olivia Walwyn (Altrincham) will be looking to defend their positions, and it’s still all to play for in the men’s competition, with seven athletes within range of equaling or overhauling Raven in the final race, though only Victoria Wilkinson (Bingley), winner of the first two challenge races, is capable of overhauling Walwyn.

Top Scots in the Challenge are Sula Young (HBT) and Clare Whitehead (Cosmics) who are fourth and sixth respectively in the women’s rankings, and Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale) who is eighth in the Men’s rankings. Details of the current McCain standings can be found [here](http://www.uka.org.uk/competitions/mccain-mountain-running-challenge/).

With McCain-sponsored cash prizes available for the top five male and female individuals in the Aonach Mor Mountain Run and the top five male and female individuals in the overall McCain series, along with the Senior Home International competition, a strong field and tough competition is expected. The races should be exciting to watch with easy access available onto the hill via the Nevis range Gondolas.

**The Aonach Mor Mountain Run is an open event, and the organizers welcome runners of all abilities to take on the challenge of a continental style uphill race.** You can pre-enter, or enter on the day, and entry details are [here](http://www.scottishathletics.org.uk/index.php?p=80&itemType=fixtures&itemId=12542).

There are more event details and a course map [here](http://www.shr.uk.com/RaceDetails.aspx?RaceID=RA-0606&System=Metric&Month=9).
