---
title: "Kyle Greig's descent wins him Bennachie, 10 October"
date: 2010-10-10
excerpt: "Kyle Grieg (Forres) wins after a close tussle with Graham Bee (Fife) and Rob Brookes (Cosmics), while Veronique Oldham is first woman...  '"
---

_From Craig Kelly:_

A mild October Sunday saw a record turn-out of runners at the 21st annual Bennachie Hill Race in Aberdeenshire, hosted by Garioch Roadrunners.

Recent downpours resulted in conditions underfoot being somewhat wet and boggy over the 8.3 mile course, but this wasn't able to dampen the spirits of the packed field of 165 runners who turned out at the start line.

The men's race saw a close contest between the first three runners, with Kyle Greig of Forres Harriers gaining the advantage on the descent from Mither Tap over Graham Bee (Fife AC) and Rob Brookes (Cosmic Hillbashers), winning in a time of 58:20.

In the women's race, Veronique Oldham put in an excellent performance, recording a time of 1:08:56 and first place. Carolyn McLeod and Cathy Wyse (both unattached) made up the top three women.

In the team category, Cosmic Hillbashers claimed both the male and female prizes, with Aberdeen University finishing as first mixed team.

In the Junior Bennachie Hill Race, Fraser Drummond finished as 1st boy, in a time of 21.09, with Rona Lindsay as first girl in 23:49.

Bennachie is also the the third of three races in the Aberdeenshire Hill Race Series, also comprising Morven and Cairn William. Over the course of the three races, Jason Williamson (Cosmic HB) emerged as first male, in a combined time of 2:44:20 and Ursula Bass finished as first lady with 3:51:55.

Grateful thanks are extended to all those who assisted in the race, including Run 4 It for providing the prizes and to all the race marshals for helping to ensure another successful event.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0105&RaceYear=2010)
