---
title: "Cosmics' Summer Series race 3: Mither Tap, 15 July"
date: 2010-07-16
excerpt: "Graham Bee (Fife AC) wins from Nordic ski-er Calum Smith and Emma O'Shea (Deeside) is first woman yet again...  '"
---

_From organiser Rob Brookes:_

The drizzle cleared on cue to leave good cool and bright conditions for the 54 runners who took on the 2010 Mither Tap Hill race, third in the Cosmic Hillbashers' summer series.

The young guns of the British Nordic Ski Team provided the pressure required to push the lead group up the rough single track climb. All runners managed to negotiate the slippery granite as they skirted the summit tor ready for the 'fast as you dare' walkers' path descent. The route through the woods back to the Bennachie Centre finish line twists through thick forest and is always longer than anticipated.

First across the line was Graham Bee of Fife AC in 33:13, with Calum Smith (British Nordic Ski Team) in hot pursuit and Chris Hill (Cosmics) third.

Emma O'Shea continues her epic tour of Scottish hill races and takes first woman in 37:41, soon followed by Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) with Sarah Young (British Nordic Ski Team) taking third woman.

First Male Vet was David Dobbs (Moray, Road Runners), first Male Super Vet was David Duncan (Ochils), who appeared to dash off before prize giving, maybe to yet another race?

Veronique Oldham, took first Female Vet as well as second woman. Anita Hamilton of Cosmics came in first Female Super Vet.

There was a kids' race organised on a slighty shorter wooded course. Molly Williams aged 11 dominated the female category and stormed to victory in 16:09. The boys battled long and hard until the final hairpin when John Angus aged 9 managed to make a successful break and put over 30 seconds between himself and second place Liam Clark aged 10. Good effort by all three!

Thanks go to; The Scottish Forestry Commission and Pitodrie House for permission to run the race; to David Wilkinson who provided home made jars of Monymusk Honey with customised labels for prizes.

Big thanks to all the marshals, time keepers and sweeper without whom the event could not take place.

Thanks to all the runners, hope to see you again next year!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0546&RaceYear=2010)
