---
title: "Shettleston 1, 3, 4 at Ben Venue"
date: 2010-10-02
excerpt: "Cornishman Peter Devenport, prevented a Shettleston clean sweep at Ben Venue. Matt Sullivan won the race, followed by Peter, then Tom Owens and Jethro Lennox on a rough, wet and muddy course. Jacqui Higginbottom clinched victory in the women's race over Shona Robertson of Westerlands.  '"
---

_From race organiser Andy Birnie:_

After last year's gale force winds, the weather gods were slightly kinder to the 95 runners at the Bella Ben Venue Hill Race today, with a torrential downpour on the start line and only 30mph winds on the ridge to contend with.

But the weather did not stop some fast racing, with the lead changing hands many times between the top group before Matt Sullivan (Shettleston) and Peter Devenport (Bellahouston) used local knowledge for a good line on the final downhill on the open hillside from the ridge into Gleann Riabhach, and managed to pull away from the others. Matt held off Peter to win in a time of 1 hour 10 mins for the 8 mile course, but if Peter had not been forced to stop and tie a shoe lace in the run-in, the finish could have been even tighter. Finishing close behind this pair were the Shettleston duo, Tom Owens and Jethro Lennox.

In the ladies' competition, Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) used her speed (and long legs) on the steep trail section to overcome Shona Robertson of Westies, while Ellie Homewood, also of Westies finished in third.

In a tightly-fought male vet race, the eventual winner was Bruce Smith (Carnethy) from Will Manners (Strathearn) and Alan Gilkison (Westerlands). In the ladies vet competition Fabienne Thompson of Carnegie held off the Carnethy pair, Joanne Anderson and Joan Wilson.

The team prizes were split to the east and west of the country, with Shettleston winning the men's (Matt Sullivan, Tom Owens, Jethro Lennox) and Carnethy winning the ladies' (Jacqui Higginbottom, Fiona McKinnon & Joanne Anderson).

Being a new race, not everyone took the optimum route today, and I'm sure everyone knows of places where they can shave off a few seconds in the big race next year, but spare a thought for the runner who took a very non-optimum route, and ended up at Kinlochard, resulting in a 12 mile taxi ride back to the finish!

Ben Venue is one of the SHR championship races in 2011, so with this being the first race over the full course, we are keen to learn from your experience, so please send any comments or suggestions for improvement to benvenueATbellahoustonroadrunners.co.uk

The race doubles as a fundraiser for the Lomond Mountain Rescue Team, so many thanks to all the runners, marshalls & helpers who helped raise £500 for team funds.

Hope to see you all next year!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0596&RaceYear=2010)
