---
title: "SHR Annual Beano Badaguish. 30 October"
date: 2010-10-07
excerpt: "It is time to book your place at the hillrunning social event of the year..."
---

It is time to book your place at the hillrunning social event of the year, the annual SHR beano (including prize-giving). It takes place at Badaguish after the Meall a'Bhuachaille race on 30 October.

This year we have three lodges available for booking. We have also secured access to six of the new wigwams, each wigwam having an electric panel heater, kettle and mini fridge. The lodges are £480 for the weekend (Friday and Saturday) and sleep 12, so £20 per night each. The lodges are already paid for as usual, so we're keen for people to take the two nights and one lodge is practically spoken for. The wigwams are £88 for a weekend, so £11 per night each - there will also be access to the main hall on Friday and Saturday for those in the wigwams for making breakfast &c. You'll also need a £1 coin for the meter in the wigwams.

On Saturday night there will be food and music, the cost of the Saturday evening is £20 per person. The food menu will be similar to this:

Hot chicken casserole  
Sweet venison casserole

Puff pastry salmon and pesto parcels  
Spinach and feta cheese pastry pies

Potatoes / cous cous  
Mixed leaf salad  
Cabbage with juniper berries and lemon  
Tomato and red pepper salad

Sherry raspberry trifle  
Tropical fruit salad  
Chocolate nut brownies

So plenty to get your teeth into, whether you're taking part in Meall a\`Bhuachaille or doing something else during the day.

**Bookings to Ronnie Gallagher: ronnie\_gallagherATyahoo.co.uk.**. (Remember to change the AT!)
