---
title: "Gorman is fastest between the Two Inns, 21 August"
date: 2010-08-23
excerpt: "Manny Gorman (Westies) wins the inaugural Two Inns Race; Ruth Crewe (Perth RR) is first woman...  '"
---

_From race organiser Linda MacEwan:_

Saturday 21st August saw the inaugural Two Inns race from Creggan Inn to Clachaig Inn Glencoe. Thirty seven runners took part.

The race covers 24km and 1770m of ascent taking in the Corbett Fraochaidh before heading for Sgorr a' Choise. For most of the route when the weather is right you have the mighty Aonach Eagach Ridge in front of you to reassure you that you are heading in the right direction!

Manny Gorman (Westies) won in a time of 3:04 followed in second place by Lochaber's Craig Mitchell in 3:06 and third place was Jon Ascroft (Carnethy). First Male Vet 40 was Tim Brand (Lochaber) with Brian Brennan (Westies) taking first MV50 and Raymond Murdoch (Lochaber) first MV60.

The first lady home was Ruth Crewe of Perth Road Runners in 4:01, second lady was Sarah MacKenzie (Lochaber) third lady and first lady V50 went to Alison West (Carnegie) with first lady V40 going to Melanie Nicoll (Tayside Orienteers).

The last mile of the race was over rough, boggy and challenging ground (understatement of the year perhaps). Runners your comments have been noted but Neil Campbell (Carnegie) has photos on the Carnegie Club website to prove that there were smiles at the finish line.

Thank you to all of the marshals from Glencoe and Oban Mountain Rescue Teams and from Lochaber Athletic Club and thank you too to Clachaig Inn, Nevisport and Ellis Brigham for donating the prizes and all who provided the home baking. There was so much food left that we sold it in Clachaig that night and raised more money for the Rescue Teams. Thanks also to to the National Trust Scotland for use of their car park.

Finally thanks to all who turned up to race, I was not sure if it would attract one man and his dog or 100. I aim to make it an annual event and hope to see even more runners next year...I am seeking advice from a local shepherd on the last section!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0603&RaceYear=2010)
