---
title: "Brookes and Curtis the winners at Morven, 18 September"
date: 2010-09-20
excerpt: "Rob Brookes (Cosmics) wins from Graeme Bartlett (Forres) and Briony Curtis (HBT) holds off Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) to be first woman...  '"
---

Rob Brookes (Cosmics) and Graeme Bartlett (Forres) took the first two places, with Gareth Green (Portobello) in third chased home by Alan Smith (Deeside), james Espie (Deeside) and Alistair Hubbard (Unattached).

Briony Curtis (HBT) was the first woman, followed by Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) and Ruth Mackenzie (Deeside).

Report from race organiser, Warren Burgess:

"46 Senior runners and 12 Juniors braved the elements to run the Morven Hill races on Saturday. Thankfully the high winds had died down but the rain persisted and the runners were in the cloud for the top section of the course. The paths were very wet, especially in several sections of the descent, so it was not surprising to see slighty slower times this year.

First to the top and first home was Robert Brooks of Cosmic Hillbashers, in 48 mins 22 secs; followed by Graham Bartlett of Forres Harriers in 49 mins 54 secs, which earned Graham first Vet. Gareth Green (Portobello) was 3rd overall in 50 mins 36 secs. Alan Smith (Deeside), in 4th overall, had a tremendous run, setting a new SuperVet record time of 50' 41", after a tight race with James Espie (50' 48"). The team prize was lifted by Deeside Runners Alan Smith, James Espie and Alan Sealy.

In the Ladies, Briony Curtis (Hunters Bog Trotters) led the field with an excellent run in 56' 45" - great to see Briony back running in her home area after being away in college for the last few years. Veronique Oldham (Cosmic Hillbashers) was next in, in 58' 17", and took the female Vet prize; followed by Ruth Mackenzie (Deeside) in 60' 04". Gillian Clunas (Cosmic Hillbashers) was first female Supervet in 72' 11". The ladies team prize went to Cosmic Hillbashers - Veronique Oldham, Liz Delaney and Gillian Clunas.

In the Juniors, Alex Meen (unattached) won the Half Morven trophy with a time of 33' 27".

In the Mini Morven races, eleven U14s and U12s got thoroughly soaked but enjoyed the goody bags for their efforts. The winners were Keith McIntyre (U14 boys) in 9' 13"; Eve Sealy (U14 girls) in 10' 5"; Harris Williamson (U12 boys) in 10' 55" and Grace Angus (U12 girls) in 11' 58".

Much appreciated thanks to all who helped with this event: to Dinnet Estates, Graham Greenlaw, George Donald for access; to Andrew Cox for the warm fires afterwards in Loch Kinord hotel; to Run 4 It for some of the prizes and finally to all the race marshalls."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0102&RaceYear=2010) | [Junior Results](http://deesiderunners.com/dp/sites/default/files/Morven%202010-results.pdf )
