---
title: "The English hold sway at Dollar, 31 July"
date: 2010-08-01
excerpt: "Rob Hope beats Prasad Prasad, whilst Pippa Maddams gets the better of Catriona Buchanan (and Angela Mudge's course record)...  '"
---

_From race organiser Alex King:_

The weather this year was a bit mixed at Dollar – for the first time in a few years the tops were covered in clouds for at least some of the race. Despite quite a few runners being unfamiliar with the course as it was a British Championship event no one lost their way with all 252 runners finishing well within 3 hours. With that many runners there was a bit of a queue going up Dollar Glen and onto Saddle Hill but it soon opened out for the run around the tops.

The race was won by Rob Hope of Pudsey and Bramley in a time of 1:12:48, within a minute of the course record, followed 10 seconds later by Prasad Prasad of Clydesdale Harriers. Lloyd Taggart of Dark Peak was next home and first Vet. First Vet 50 was Steve Oldfield of Calder Valley Fell Runners in 1:22:12 with Jack Holt of Clayton Le Moors Harriers the first Vet 60.

As for the Ladies the race was won by Pippa Maddams of Keswick AC in 1:24:01 – nine seconds inside Angela Mudge's previous course record. Second was Catriona Buchanan of Ochil in 1:26:12. First Lady Vet was Judith Jepson of Dark Peak in 1:33:12. First Vet 50 was Gill Myers of Wharfedale Harriers (1:37:37) and first and only Vet 60 was Phyllis Lemoncello of Fife AC in 2:43:27.

Thanks to Dollar Academy for supplying such great facilities, and to the marshals for ensuring everything ran smoothly.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0071&RaceYear=2010) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157624502512181/) | [Photos from David Drewette](http://www.flickr.com/photos/26539817@N03/sets/72157624623816128/)
