---
title: "Alan Milligan"
date: 2010-07-19
excerpt: "We are shocked and very sad to learn of Alan's passing..."
---

The Scottish hill running community will be shocked and saddened by Alan's sudden passing.

_Euan Jardine writes:_

Every so often someone passes through your life and leaves a lasting impression. Alan Milligan who competed for Fife AC was one of those people. In the summer of 2000 I had the pleasure of getting to know him. It was one of those magical summers when everything seems to click. I was a shy 18-year old trying to make an impression on the National team and Alan was a one of the top performing 'stars' of the Scottish hill running scene. I fully expected him to be aloof and full of ego. I couldn't have been more wrong. He was down-to-earth and couldn't have been more humble if he'd tried. He was a great influence and help throughout that season. The year 2000 was certainly his year though. He smashed a lot of records that season and wore the Scottish vest with pride on many occasions.

He was always up for a laugh and I always joked he was more of a junior than a senior. As he knew how to have fun and relax, especially when talking about his favourite band Oasis. He may not have been competing up here in Scotland for a few years but he was still a man who had a talent everyone feared. An international hill runner told me recently 'I hear Alan Milligan is making a comeback' I told him 'That's great news, I can't wait to see him again.' He replied 'No it's not, he is going to win lots of races and take our places in the National team.' Now that's a talent that has made a lasting impact.

Athletes come and go and are often quickly forgotten; there is always new talent replacing the old. Alan Milligan is one of those who will always remain in the memory of Scottish hill running no matter who appears. He has his left his mark with several records still in standing years after they were set. He left a great legacy and hopefully that will be of some comfort to his family at this time.

_And Ronnie Gallagher remembers:_

The year 2000 was, indeed, a great year for the young "Strawberry Blond" as Alan told me he was. This description of his hair colour was given to me by the lad himself as we sat together on the flight to Prague en route to the European Trophy, me as Scotland team manager and Alan as one of the athletes picked to compete for his country.

This was an eventful trip in many ways, not least of which was our arrival at Prague airport and going to pick up our luggage. Alan had not been told the golden rule - never be parted from your running kit! Rather than carry his gear in his hand luggage he had entrusted it to the hold baggage. True to form, the only one of the team to put his kit in the hold was the only member of the team not to be reunited with his luggage on arrival. However, we somehow got Alan sorted with various bits and pieces of running kit, and some trainers.

We then had the dubious pleasure of a minibus journey from Prague into Poland and on to the venue. Pleasure might not be the best descriptor of the feeling engendered by the driving, a mix of roller coaster and dodgems. However, we did get there in one piece and the youngest member of the team made light of the fun journey.

On the day of the race Alan performed magnificently for such a young man and the team came away with silver, no mean feat with the competition, only just being pipped by the Italians for Gold. This was one of the best ever performances by a Scottish men's team at international level. So it is with a heavy heart that I write this knowing that the Strawberry Blond will never again grace the hills with his presence.
