---
title: "More of the same for Jebb and Mudge at Jura, 29 May"
date: 2010-05-30
excerpt: "Rob Jebb and Angela Mudge repeated previous victories at the Jura Race. Jebb was followed in by another past master, Ian Holmes. Es Tressider was 3rd, ahead of Al Anthony and Tom Owens.  '"
---

_From Phil Hodgson and Mandy Goth:_

Rob Jebb and Angela Mudge repeated previous victories at the Jura Race. Jebb was followed in by another past master, Ian Holmes. Es Tressider was 3rd, ahead of Al Anthony and Tom Owens.

The Isle of Jura at the end of May seems invariably to attract good weather...until race day! We’d spent the week enjoying the comforts of Jura House, and its gardens and beach, in spring sunshine. Although it was my turn to be Race Director for the day Mandy managed to crock her ankle the week before, giving me the opportunity to run again this year.

212 runners lined up for the start of the 30th Jura Fell Race, by far the biggest field the race has attracted (we were full three days after opening postal entries on 1st March!) and on the limit in terms of the numbers of folk we can actually squeeze on the island and monitor round the course safely. The skies were overcast but it was a promising forecast. Piped out of Craighouse we headed up and over the bogs...and into the mist and drizzle. The first hill, Dubh Bheinn, again caused navigational turmoil for some, including the front runners, with further meandering in the clag by some along the ridge system. The cold, damp conditions warranted the strict kit check imposed at registration.

The battle at the front end involved Rob Jebb, Ian Holmes, Es Tressider, Alistair Anthony and Tom Owens, and they eventually finished in that order as Rob managed to pull away up Corra Bheinn to take his second victory, in a time of 3:28:36. Angela Mudge, the ladies' record holder, was first lady in a time of 3:59:11. A storming run from Vet 50 Mike Johnson saw him finish in ninth place in 3:48:45, only two seconds behind Jos Naylor’s V50 record! He was one of 21 runners who received the sub-four hour glass this year.

The race was founded in 1973 by George Broderick who was back on the island this year to help Willie Cochrane, the manager of our generous sponsors the Isle of Jura Distillery, present the prizes. Jack Holt and Albert Sunter were the proud recipients of the George Broderick Plaque for completing 21 races. To celebrate the 30th Race, a mug matching the coveted T-shirt was distributed to all the local marshals and helpers who have contributed to the race since 1973. I hope you all enjoyed Willie Tait’s film of the 1986 race? Some of you looked positively youthful! I’ll try and put a link to the film on the website in the next few weeks.

It’s an incredible race with complex and challenging terrain which rightly attracts the kudos of being one of the hardest hill races in the calendar. The fact that 199 runners safely completed the race, in difficult conditions, is testament to Mandy’s rigorous vetting of entrants. The tag system worked well, meticulously administered by Donald Ewen Darroch and his hardy team of local marshals and the communication wizards of Glasgow Raynet. We’d also like to thank Strathclyde Police MRT who provide the essential rescue cover, Drs Frank Tunis and Ali Prost who were on hand to patch up runners at the finish, and the new landlords of the Jura Hotel Kath & Andy. I’m sure we speak for every runner whose eyes bulge as they stagger into the cooperage and see the sumptuous piles of butties and cakes, in saying a big thank you to Gill and Dawn Darroch. And, we couldn’t have done it without the behind the scenes teamwork of Todmorden Harriers and Achille Ratti.

This, the 30th Race, seemed an appropriate point at which to bow out as organisers. We’ve done a five year stint and have enjoyed it immensely. It’s a magical and friendly island, and the help we get from the locals has been amazing but, with lots of other adventures and challenges to pursue, we feel that the time is right to hand over the stewardship of this awesome event to a new organiser (we’ve got a someone who is really keen to take it on so watch this space). I’m sure we’ll be back on race weekend for many years to come, to help and to compete – it is after all one of the highlights of our year. We’d like to thank all the runners for your support and help over the last five years and wish our successor every success in keeping the Isle of Jura Fell Race just the way it is.

See you all next year.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0044&RaceYear=2010)
