---
title: "Tight finishes at Tap O'Noth, 21 August"
date: 2010-08-31
excerpt: "Tim Griffin has a narrow win over Graeme Bartlett, as does Veronique Oldham over Ruth Mackenzie...  '"
---

_From organiser Simon Beeson:_

A lovely day for a hill race albeit a little windy but that was nothing to do with the curry from the night before but more about the meteorology at the time!

Anyway, 33 runners turned up for the jaunt up the hill and with the standard assembled, it looked set to be a good race. It didn’t disappoint, three previous winners and course record holders getting to the top within 25 seconds of each other. Tim Griffin led the way, with Graeme Bartlett a close second followed by Jason Williamson. The downhill was fast and furious but when they hit the final half-mile road section, Tim pulled away from Graeme just pipping him at the post with Jason in third.

The ladies' race was a close affair too but for the third year in a row, Veronique Oldham managed to hold off record holder and winner on many times, Ruth MacKenzie. Incidentally, they are joint record holders too. Third place lady was taken by Olwen Thorn who normally dons skis for the British X-Country Ski Team but did very well on her first ever hill race.

No records were broken this year as the conditions weren’t great. When I asked Jason later about the times being a little way off the record there was a long pause followed with a wry smile and “It’s just that we’re all getting that little bit older!” I know the feeling well…..

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0094&RaceYear=2010)
