---
title: "Run-4-It SHR Scottish Championships after Tomnabat"
date: 2010-07-22
excerpt: "We have now had four races, and at least one at each distance so quite a few people (those 29 who've run every race) have already earned their SHR mug. For the rest, the last two races are in the next couple of weeks, so don't go on holiday yet !"
---

New Over 40, Brian Marshall, is leading the Senior men's race, but this category is very open with Prasad Prasad, Robbie Simpson and (more mathematically!) Simon Peachey in with a chance. It really depends on who does the last two races. The Senior Women's is equally open and has had 4 race winners so far from the 4 races. Sarah Bryne is leading at the moment with Catriona Buchanan and Fiona Maxwell in very strong positions provided they do the races. But also Veronique Oldham has a good chance. It'll be interesting to see how both these categories go.

Veronique Oldham is leading the Women's Over 40 and that will probably be between her and Fiona Maxwell with Jacqui Higginbottom as an outside chance. Not surprisingly Brian Marshall has dominated the Men's Over 40 and after Tomnabat has become the 2010 Scottish Champion.

Both the Over 50s champions have also been decided, Anita Hamilton is unbeaten in the Women's and Ronnie Gallagher is unbeatable in the Men's.

Phyllis Lemoncello is still the only female Over 60 and needs to do one more race to be crowned champion. Martin Hulme is looking good to become the Men's Over 60 champion, but can still be beaten by Tom Scott, though Tom has to win both the last two races and depend on Martin not finishing in the top two (it's not just the World Cup where mathematicians pour over the possibilities !)

Carenthy HRC have shown strength in depth in both the men's team championships as they are unbeaten in both the Senior and the Over 40 team champions to retain their title in both. It was 1993, when the men's championship was won by a club other than Shettleston or Carnethy. There are lots of strong clubs around that could challenge, but they need to get their runners out consistently.

Carnethy are currently leading both the Women's teams and in the Over 40s have won at least a share of the spoils. The Senior Women's is likely to go to the wire - Fife, Deeside, Carnethy, Cosmic, Westerlands & Ochils could all get it (some more hopeful than others!).

The listings after the first four races are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2010.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
