---
title: "Scotland's juniors bring back the City of Edinburgh Trophy, 19 September"
date: 2010-09-21
excerpt: "The Junior Home Internationals go extremely well for Scotland...  '"
---

_From Hugh Buchanan:_

Scotland's juniors had an outstanding result to win back the City of Edinburgh Trophy, beating England into second place at the British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships in the Wicklow Mountains near Dublin on Sunday 19 September.

The overall result is aggregated from under-16 and under-18 classes for boys and girls, with the fastest 3 finishers in each class scoring points. The courses were straight out and back following a forest road for 1.75km before moving onto a grass path for different distances for each class. The weather was very Celtic with drizzle and rain throughout the day limiting views of some of Ireland's best scenery.

In addition to the International races, the event includes a 3.5km, 135m climb Under-14 boys and girls race, over the first part of the international courses. Logan Rees (Fife) was the only Scottish runner, and gave notice of Scottish intentions by storming home to win

The international races started excellently for Scotland with the Under-16 Girls racing over 4.7km with 234m of climb, with Halina Rees (Fife) in 3rd, Emma Dunnett (Edinburgh) in 4th, Louise Mercer (Teviotdale) in 5th and Oonagh Dunnett (Edinburgh) in 11th packing excellently to take gold team medals to complement Halina's individual bronze. Crucially in this class England were forced down to 4th place by the Irish and Welsh teams.

The Under-16 Boys raced over 5.6km with 314m of climb, and Sam Burgess (Deeside) took 4th followed by Craig Campbell (Inverness) in 5th and Chris Galloway (Corstorphine) in 7th. Again, close packing by the team was rewarded with silver medals, pipped by England whose team had packed equally well slightly further up the field.

In the under-18 Girls race, also over 5.6km with 314m, Scout Adkin (Moorfoot) had an outstanding run to win comfortably from UK-internationalist Laura Riches of England, despite twisting her ankle with nearly 2km to go. Scotland's team was completed by Louise Hill-Stirling (Ayr) in 6th place, Kirstie Rogan (Forres) in 11th place, and Jennifer Cruickshanks (Fife) in 12th place. The team picked up bronze behind victors England and Ireland who scored the same points as Scotland, but got their third counter home two places in front of Scotland.

The final race of the day was the under-18 Boys, over 6.7km and 338m climb. Anglo-Scot Peter Harrison (Carlisle) had a driving run to victory, with Jamie Stevenson (Ochils) backing up well in third. The team was completed by Garry Rankin (Kilbarchan) in 8th and Adam Gatens (Westerlands) in 14th, and picked up gold medals in addition to Peter and Jamie's individual medals.

The overall team outcome was nail-biting, but when the calculations were complete, Scotland's teams had 2 firsts, 1 second and a third, while England scored 2 firsts, 1 second and a fourth. Victory! Ireland were third overall, Wales 4th and Northern Ireland 5th.

This was an outstanding result for the Scottish team, with many runners in the first year of their age category, and therefore eligible for the next year's team to defend the trophy. The fact that Scotland produced the individual winners of both U18B and U18G classes also speaks well for the future.

[Results - Under 18 & Photos](http://www.imra.ie/events/view/tab/results/id/789/) | [Results - Under 16 & Photos](http://www.imra.ie/events/view/tab/results/id/814/) | [Results - Under 14 & Photos](http://www.imra.ie/events/view/tab/results/id/813/) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/47352629@N06/sets/72157625039860806/)
