---
title: "The Dumyat Dash successfully stands in for The Law Breaker, 27 December"
date: 2010-12-28
excerpt: "Ochil Hill Runners take the top spots (first man - Alasdair Anthony; first woman - Catriona Buchanan; and first team)...  '"
---

_From race organiser Andrew Wright:_

For the second year in a row the planned running of the Law Breaker was disrupted, this time after a recce a few days before demonstrated treacherous ice underfoot in the Tillicoultry Mill Glen. Thankfully, some alternative terrain was quickly found just along the road in the hills above Menstrie, incorporating the Menstrie Glen and the north-eastern slopes of Dumyat. And so the Dumyat Dash was born. At 9.25km and 610 meters of ascent this was to prove plenty of effort for post-Christmas legs!

Sixty-one runners turned up ready for the 11 o’clock start, with conditions in Menstrie calm and no sign of the forecast blizzards. Even Dumyat summit looked down clearly as the runners assembled for the start-line photo.

An overnight thaw and refreeze meant the first kilometre up the hairpins was single file only to avoid the ice on the main track, but as the runners climbed higher this gave way to easier running. Lewis Millar (Central AC) set the early pace using local knowledge of the trails to his advantage, and only losing his gains through the experienced descending off Dumyat top by Al Anthony (Ochil Hill Runners). Al held his lead by five seconds to cross the finish line back in Menstrie in 53.27. Lewis timed at 53.32 and a flying Garry Rankin (Kilbarchan AC) was a further six seconds back in 53.38.

The female category proved to also be a closely-fought battle with Catriona Buchanan (Ochil Hill Runners) notching up another win in her first year as a senior in a time of 60.42, although pushed hard by Emma O’Shea (Deeside Runners) who was just behind in 60.54. Third place was taken by Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan AC) in 62.15, mirroring brother Garry’s position in the senior males. With fourth place taken by Keri Weatherhogg (Perth Road Runners) in 62.38 it was interesting to note that these four females all placed in the top 15 overall. Could make for interesting racing between them in 2011 if they keep their form up!

In the other categories Mark Harris (Fife AC) had a great run to take the first Male Vet honours and fourth overall in 54.31, while Pete Simpson (Carnegie Harriers) ran 57.20 to take top Male Super Vet and fifth overall. The first Female Vet was Mary Abercrombie (Stirling Tri Club) in 92 minutes exactly followed a couple of places later by Jean Bowman (Beacon Runners) timing at 98.32.

The team prize went to Ochil Hill Runners (Al Anthony, Gary Fraser and Catriona Buchanan) with 21 points.

A big thanks again to race sponsors [Sweatshop Edinburgh](http://www.sweatshop.co.uk/storefinder.cfm?shop_id=23), the [Tryst Brewery in Larbert](http://www.trystbrewery.co.uk/about-tryst.html), and also [Tommy Lawrence Fitness](http://thomaslawrence.eu/fitness/), as well as the invaluable assistance provided by Carnegie Harriers and others who helped with the kitchen, timekeeping and marshalling duties.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0611&RaceYear=2010)
