---
title: "'Foreigners' just beat locals to win Cruim Leacainn, 26 December"
date: 2010-12-27
excerpt: "Craig Mitchell and Emma O'Shea get the better of David Rodgers and Dawn Scott...  '"
---

_From organiser Roger Boswell:_

It's pouring down as I write this, but for the race it was bright and clear, the recent superb weather, -10°C, no wind, blue skies, held on just long enough. Six inches of powder snow hid the smattering of black ice filled puddles and hard-as-iron hoof print divots created by Carver's horses and Berardelli's cattle.

The local favourites Dawn Scott and Davie Rodgers were both narrowly beaten by foreigners. Emma O'Shea from Deeside and Dawn Scott had a great battle, together at the summit, Emma opened up a gap of 200m on the descent, only for Dawn to close this down to just one second at the finish. Davie Rodgers was leading for most of the race but Craig Mitchell, formerly Lochaber but now he's moved away and runs for Shettleston, showed he's as fit as ever by catching Davie in the closing stages and winning by half a minute. Lochaber's Tom Smith was also right up there finishing only five seconds behind Davie.

Richie Collins, former paralympian, veteran, now back in Fort William, got the biggest cheer of the day showing great determination to cope with rough awkward conditions, finishing 42nd. Alan Smith from Deeside nearly missed the start, didn't get any sort of pre-race warm up, set off cold and fast and dropped out within the first mile with a pulled calf muscle.

Next local race is the Aonach Mor Uphill race, 4Km/610m climb, at Nevis Range, 11:00am on New Year's Day.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0111&RaceYear=2010)
