---
title: "Prasad prevents a Harris 1-2 on Bishop Hill, 7 March"
date: 2010-03-07
excerpt: "Prasad Prasad wins from Adam and Mark Harris; juniors do well in the ladies' race too...  '"
---

_From race organiser Richard Gatehouse:_

Concern midweek had been the quantity of hard snow-ice on the hill. A timely thaw allowed us to run the normal course. Deep slushy snow on the upper slopes made for strenuous progress uphill and some slippery bum sliding on the descent but all the runners returned unscathed having had a good afternoon’s exercise. Overhead conditions were excellent, if a little hazy. Also on the hill were walkers, paragliders, mountain bikers, a micro light and gliders - clearly a good day to be out!

Prasad Prasad of Clydesdale made light of the heavy going and ran in a clear winner. Not far behind were Adam and Mark Harris. Adam pipped Mark by 9 seconds to be first junior and second overall. Second junior was Thomas Knox of Anster Haddies in 13th position overall. Mark was first vet, just one place in front of Lomond Hillrunner Donald MacKenzie. In sixth overall was first supervet Peter Simpson of Carnegie Harriers. First man over 60 was Hugh McPherson.

The ladies had a close tussle as well. Sarah Legge of Fife came in first but was not far in front of two juniors who had a great head-to-head. Robyn Graham beat her fellow Fife AC rival Lucy Duff by one second! Phyllis Mitchell of HBT was first lady super-vet and Carnethy’s Joan Wilson first vet.

First team was Fife AC (17 points) followed by Carnegie Harriers (21) and Lomond (44).

There was also a junior race over the lower half of the course. This was won by Ruari Jardine, ahead of Matthew Legge and Lizzie Knox.

Thanks to the marshalls, timekeepers and spectators - yes, we had quite a few! At the prize giving I omitted, disgracefully, to thank the caterers who provided rolls and soups, one of them a very spicy concoction ideal for a wintry day! Thanks very much.

Thanks also to the competitors who turned out. A remarkable number of clubs were represented on the day.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0018&RaceYear=2010)
