---
title: "Final results of Run-4-It SHR Scottish Championships"
date: 2010-08-10
excerpt: "After the final race at Glenshee, the 2010 Run 4 it Scottish Hill Running Championship is over, the new champions can be congratulated and an excellent total of 90 people have earned one of the famous SHR championship mugs."
---

So first congratulations to the 2010 Scottish Hill Running Champions who are

Senior Men : Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale)

Senior Women : Sarah Byrne (Lochaber)

Over 40 Men : Brian Marshall (HELP)

Over 40 Women : Veronique Oldham (Cosmics)

Over 50 Men : Ronnie Gallagher (Carnethy)

Over 50 Women : Anita Hamilton (Cosmics)

Over 60 Men : Tom Scott (Fife)

Over 60 Women : Phyllis Lemoncello (Fife)

Under 23 Men : Robbie Simpson (Deeside)

Under 23 Women : Catriona Buchanan (Ochil)

Senior Mens Team : Carnethy HRC

Senior Womens Team : Carnethy HRC

Over 40 Mens Team : Carnethy HRC

Over 40 Womens Team : Carnethy HRC

There are many new champions this year, in fact the only individuals to retain their titles were Anita Hamilton and Phyllis Lemoncello, while Carnethy's Senior Mens and Over 40s teams also had a successful defence.

Prasad Prasad won on his first serious attempt at the championship, though he was made to work hard by Under 23 winner Robbie Simpson. Sarah Byrne had a consistent season and became Lochaber's first female winner since Lesley Hope in 1992. She just narrowly edged Jacqui Higginbottom (2nd) and Veronique Oldham (3rd) after the 6 races, but Veronique turned the tables in the Over 40s to beat Jacqui. Brian Marshall and Ronnie Gallagher were both clear winners in the Mens Over 40 and Mens Over 50 categories respectively. Tom Scott only got the Men's Over 60s by winning the last race in what was a very close season long contest between him and Martin Hulme. For the first time Fife AC didn't win the Women's Over 40 team, the Carnethy squad had a quite easy win in the end, but, more surprisingly, they also won the very competitive Senior Women's Team category.

The final listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2010.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
