---
title: "Robbie Simpson runs riot at Clachnaben, 17 April"
date: 2010-04-17
excerpt: "Robbie Simpson wins by over eight minutes...  '"
---

_From race organiser Rob Brookes:_

Eighty-two runners took to the line in perfect conditions for the 2010 Clachnaben hill race. The burnt heather exposed one of the original trods up the face of Threestane Hill allowing a quicker than normal pace up what is usually a very slow first ascent. The first lone runner to the summit of Mt Shade was local Deeside favourite Robbie Simpson. Simon Peachey, Cosmics and Sam Hesling, Carnethy led the chasing field and began the jostle for second and third position. Marshals on Clachnaben could see Robbie clear the first descent of Mt Shade prior to the second runner cresting the first hill! Keri Weatherhogg, Perth Road Runners, was the first female and looked strong as she descended from the main Clachnaben summit. Robbie splashed through Millers Bog after the infamous deep heather hellish descent and began the third and final major climb back up Mt Shade for the second time. He looked determined as he crested the hill and showed no sign of easing off. Peachey and Hesling remained tight as they made for the final rough descent in second and third.

Simpson cruised over the finish line with over an 8-minute lead on second placed Simon Peachey shortly followed by Sam Hesling in third. Keri Weatherhogg crossed the line in an impressive time with a 5-minute lead over second and third place female runners, Jacqui Higginbottom, Carnethy, and Veronique Oldham, Cosmics.

Cosmics managed to pick up both male and female team prizes.

All runners managed to negotiate the compulsory swamp crossings just 500m from the painful uphill finish.

To reward the runners’ hard work, Deeside Brewery laid on complimentary cask ale and the traditional large spread of home bakes was enjoyed by all in the Deeside sunshine.

Big thanks to all the Marshals, Scouts, Timers, Photographers, Deeside Brewery, The Running Shop for all the generous prizes and Fasque Estate for permission to use the land.

Thanks to all the runners and hope to see you again next year.

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0028&RaceYear=2010) | [Photos](http://www.stephenhammondphotography.co.uk/?Action=_VC&id=13441219&ppwd=fn7032vp)
