---
title: "Shettleston & HBT win the UK Hill Relay Championships"
date: 2010-10-17
excerpt: "It was a double Scottish victory in the UK Hill Relay Championships at Falkland with Shettleston winning overall, and HBT as first women's team.  '"
---

Report by Graham Bennison:

Glasgow team Shettleston enjoyed unprecedented success over the weekend winning the UK Hill Running Relay Championships from Falkland only twenty-four hours after placing second at the English 6-stage road Relay Championships at Sutton Coldfield. The elite of UK hill running gathered at Falkland for a testing event consisting of four stages over the Lomond Hills with the first and third stages run in pairs.

Shettleston duo Tom Owens and Jethro Lennox took an early lead over the opening ten mile stage coming back to the change-over at Falkland House playing fields twenty-nine seconds clear of Sheffield team Dark Peak with Edinburgh University twenty-five seconds back in third. Michael Gillespie who along with brother Matthew ran at Sutton Coldfield the previous day extended Shettleston’s advantage over stage two while Oleg Chepelin and Matt Sullivan increased the Glasgow teams lead to ninety seconds over the tough seven mile navigational third stage.

Pudsey and Bramley came through over the final five mile stage but it was not enough to stop Shettleston anchored by Matthew Gillespie who came home to take the title sixty-six seconds clear in a total 3 hours 50 minutes 10 seconds. Dark Peak held third holding of the challenge of UK Hill Champion Tim Davies who brought Mercia up from 6th to 4th.

There was also a Scottish triumph in the women’s race as early leaders Carnethy Hill runners were slowly and surely hauled in by Hunters Bog Trotters finishing 39th overall ahead of Carnethy 46th and fast finishers Keswick in 47th.

Hosts Fife AC, who started planning for this event a year ago, not only celebrated excellent organisational success but claimed team awards as third over 50 veterans team and second over 40 women’s team.

[Results](http://www.sportident.co.uk/results/2010/UKAFellRelays/index.html)
