---
title: "Joe Symonds and Elke Schmidt win the Glentress Short Duathlon, 14 March"
date: 2010-03-19
excerpt: "Joe Symonds and Elke Schmidt win the Glentress Short Duathlon and the overall Series..."
---

_From the Baxters:_

At last the trails in Glentress emerged from their snowy covering and the rearranged short race went ahead on a bright, breezy day (14 March) with a reduced field of 68 competing despite the high numbers pre-entered. The bike course was modified to avoid the icy conditions above the Buzzard car park but conditions were dry and fast.

The race was led from start to finish by Jo Symonds, who built a healthy lead of over two minutes on the first running section. The first junior, Lewis Kirkwood, finish sixth on the run then posted the fastest bike time and reeled Jo in over the bike leg closing the gap to just four seconds by the finish. Elke Schmidt was the impressive winner of the female prize finishing in fourth place overall. In the veteran categories it was Bob Johnson who came out on top taking first place in the V50 category ahead of the V40 winner Andy Fairgrieve. Full results are available [here](http://www.glentressduathlon.com).

With the cancellation of the long race the series was decided on the results of the medium and short races. Overall winner was Joe Symonds from Chris Boustred then Jon Ashcroft. In the ladies' category Elke Schmidt was the clear winner with wins in both races from Lesley Ingram and Julia Conner. The Male V40 category was opened up after several of the main contenders after the medium race were not available for the short race. This category was won by Andy Fairgrieve ahead of Paul Hill and Tim McCall. In the V50 category Bob Johnson triumphed with Adam Anderson retaining his V60 title.

This has been a very interesting winter to try to organise races. Thanks to everyone for being so understanding and supportive in the circumstances. As always with these events a huge thanks to everyone including the many volunteers from Peebles Cycling Club and Carnethy Hill Runners who helped throughout the winter, marshalling, catering, laying out and taking in courses and with the many other tasks involved in putting on these races. Special thanks to Will, Andy and all the staff at Forestry Commission Scotland who have been very supportive as we have all tried to cope with the alpine conditions at Glentress. We also acknowledge the valuable support from Run and Become, Keith Walter, Helly Hansen and Hub in the Forest.
