---
title: "Murray shows no Strain at Dumyat, 5 May"
date: 2010-05-05
excerpt: "Murray Strain notched up a comfortable win at Dumyat this evening, finishing well clear of Edinburgh Uni runners Hector Haines and Michael Gillespie. First lady was Jessica Martin of Glasgow University.  '"
---

Murray Strain notched up a comfortable win at Dumyat this evening, followed by a quintet of Edinburgh Uni runners: Hector Haines, Michael Gillespie, Duncan Coombs, Matthew Sutherland and Ben Cole. First lady was Jessica Martin of Glasgow University.

Here's the official report from Stirling University:

A record turnout took on the Dumyat Hill Race at the University of Stirling. Almost 300 runners from across the country - including top orienteers - took on the 390m climb across 8km of challenging terrain. Dry conditions allowed for some impressive times in the 37th running of the race, which doubles as the Scottish Universities Hill Running Championship.

It was Murray Strain, of Hunters Bog Trotters who led the field home in 33 minutes and 47 seconds. Strain, whose previous best was third in 2006, made light work of the gruelling course. He finished 44 seconds in front of Hector Haines (34m 31s) and Michael Gillespie (35m 22s). Haines, who finished 16th at the 2009 Junior World Orienteering Championships over the middle distance, was the first in a chain of five University of Edinburgh students who finished second to sixth. Haines and team-mate Duncan Coombs (4th) are both supported by Winning Students, Scotland's national sports scholarships for high performance student athletes.

First female to complete the course was Jessica Martin, from the University of Glasgow, who recorded a time of 42m 42s, closely followed by Emma O'Shea from Deeside in 43m 08s and Iona Robertson from Shettleston, third in 43m 45s.

The first home runner from Scotland's University for Sporting Excellence was Stephen Winter, a Programmer and Analyst in the Business Systems, Development and Support Office who finished in a time of 38m 32s, not bad just over a week after recording a personal best at the London Marathon. He said: "I raised over £1,000 for a prostate cancer charity and finished in under three hours at...London.. so I was not short of confidence going into the Dumyat, but I didn't really have any expectations".

Gail Niven, Sports Participation Co-ordinator at the University of Stirling, said: "It was great to see the largest ever field take part in what is always a popular event. The weather was excellent, with fine overhead and firm underfoot conditions and that resulted in some fantastic performances. It was also good to see so many staff and students from the University participating."

[Provisional results](http://chris-upson.com/results/2010/Dumyat2010.pdf) | [Photos](http://picasaweb.google.co.uk/chrisupson63/Dumyat2010#) | [More Photos from Alayne Finlay](http://www.flickr.com/photos/39208502@N06/sets/72157624004626172/)
