---
title: "Stevenson pips Anthony at a wild Maddy Moss, 14 July"
date: 2010-07-15
excerpt: "Jamie Stevenson (Ochil) wins by four seconds from Alasdair Anthony (Ochil) while Emma O'Shea (Deeside) has a couple of minutes in hand over Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan)...  '"
---

_From race organiser John MacEwan:_

The weather was wet, wild and windy for the running of the 2010 Maddy Moss Mash. Despite the weather nearly one hundred competitors were out at Tillicoultry for the start of the race. It was good to see that almost everybody had turned up prepared with the appropriate kit on a night where it was certainly sensible to be carrying it. Those without managed to beg, borrow or steal before the race and no one was turned away. Many thanks to Dave Scott for his kit checking and thanks to competitors for carrying the required kit.

The race was won by Jamie Stevenson (Ochils) in 52.17 very closely followed by Al Anthony (Ochils) with Kenny Richmond (Bellahoustoun) coming in third a couple of minutes later. First female was Emma O'Shea (Deeside) finishing in a time of 1.04.41, Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan) was second and Julia Connor (Moorfoot) was third. I hope everybody enjoyed their run.

Thanks to all the marshalls on the hill who were standing out in pretty severe weather (it was pretty bad at the bottom of the hill so can only guess how it might have been up top!) and to the finishing team who did a grand job of getting times and results recorded, special thanks to Alex King. Also thanks to The Woolpack Inn for allowing us to do the prize giving in the shelter of the pub and to The Running Company, Bridge of Allan and Williams Bros, Alloa for help with the prizes. Thanks to those runners who stayed behind for the prize giving, I know its a long way for some people to come on a Wednesday night and its always appreciated that so many stay after the race. Next year there's a good chance we'll be able to make use of the changing facilities just down the road at Hillfoots RFC and there's also the chance of some food being put on again in the Woolpack. And hopefully a return to some good weather!

P.S. I have a pair of Puma bottoms and a Ron Hill jacket that were left at the finish.

P.P.S. See the article in the _Caledonian Mercury_ [here](http://outdoors.caledonianmercury.com/2010/07/16/a-muddy-mess-at-maddy-moss/001036).

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0080&RaceYear=2010)
