---
title: "Red Moss Revolution , Wed 23 June 2010"
date: 2010-06-24
excerpt: "The distraction of a few football matches in South Africa didn't dent numbers at Red Moss on Wednesday evening.  Numbers were up again this year with 130 runners - 129 finishers and one DNF (twisted ankle, but Ok to hobble home)  At the front Al Anthony (Ochil) won in a fast time of 35:32s - only 30 secs off Murray Strain's record from last year. While Kate Jenkins (HBT) was first lady home , fresh from winning the West Highland Way race at the weekend.  '"
---

Bog and Burn mid-week hill race #7

The distraction of a few football matches in South Africa didn't dent numbers at Red Moss on Wednesday evening.

Numbers were up again this year with 130 runners - 129 finishers and one DNF (twisted ankle, but Ok to hobble home)

At the front Al Anthony (Ochil) won in a fast time of 35:32s - only 20 secs off Murray Strain's record from last year. Don Naylor (HBT) was 2nd , followed by duathlete Drew Sharkey (Bicycleworks) in 3rd.

First lady was Kate Jenkins (HBT), showing few signs of slowing down even after being first woman at the 95-mile West Highland Way race a few days before,

2nd lady was Jenni Owens (Portobello) 3rd lady was Sarah O'Neil (Lothian)

Towards the back of the race the last 2 finishers both managed to do an extra mile by heading out round Harlaw Reservoir as well , before spotting their mistake and re-tracing their steps but that earned each of them a bottle of wine at the prize giving in the Grey Horse pub afterwards.

The prize giving rewards those hardy folk who can do the race and last the pace in the pub.

The friendly Grey Horse Pub in Balerno again provided soup for the runners after the race, and then bottles of beer and wine were handed out to the prize winners and any other over-50s still standing at the end, who were quick enough off the mark to claim a spot prize.

(though this year the youthful Paul Thompson of Helensburgh AC (MV50) beat all the Vet 40s .. and likewise for the ladies with Phyllis O'Brien of HBT (LV50) beating all the lady Vet 40s ... so maybe 50 is the new 40!!)

It was touch and go if the race was going to be on this year, only the week before the path round Threipmuir Reservoir was still closed after almost 9 months of flood protection work, raising the height of the causeway to prevent the Water of Leith from flooding down in Edinburgh.

The reservoir is now owned by the City of Edinburgh, so it took a good few phonecalls to confirm the race was good to go. (though I have some sympathy for the contractor who probably hadn't expected to have snow on the ground for about 3 months over the winter!!)

Thanks again to the Salvesen and Bavelaw estates and local farmers for allowing the race to continue,

Biggest club this year were Portobello , with Red Moss one of their club championship counters for 2010.

Thanks to press-ganged helpers .. Oonagh and Sinead .. for helping out their Dad again this year at registration and recording results at the finish (in the midges!!... that will toughen them up!!).. plus thanks to those non-runners on the day who also helped out with marshalling round the reservoir

Hope everyone enjoyed the race, very dry under foot this year , even the bog at Greencleuch was drying out, so we'll just have to hope for more rain next year to turn it into a proper "Bog and Burn" race!!

cheers, Jamie

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0501&RaceYear=2010)
