---
title: "Great day for Scotland at the European Trial, 6 June"
date: 2010-06-07
excerpt: "Breaking news is that there was a Scottish double victory in the European Trial races in Keswick on Sunday. Catriona Buchanan won the junior ladies, whilst Robbie Simpson won the junior mens, so both have booked their places in the GB team on the plane to Bulgaria in July......."
---

Report from Hugh Buchanan:

"Scottish juniors won the selection races for the UK junior men's and junior women's teams for the European Hill Running Championships to be held in Bulgaria on 4 July. Winning gives automatic selection to the teams, with the other team members to be announced by UK Athletics shortly. The selection races were held on Latrigg by Keswick on Sunday 6 June.

The junior women's race was 6km with 330m of climb, all in a single ascent. Catriona Buchanan (Central) set off in the lead group, and broke clear during the ascent, opening an emphatic lead at the top which she held on the return. Scout Adkin (Moorfoot) was the other Scottish runner in the event, and finished strongly in 5th place.

The junior men's event comprised 2 laps, totalling 9km with 545m of climb. Robbie Simpson (Deeside) dominated from the outset, and at the summit on the first lap had opened a clear gap over the chasing pack. He held that advantage descending on the first lap, before reinforcing his dominance on the second ascent, and coming home well clear of the field. Ex-pat James Waldie (Cornwall) was below his best form, but finished determinedly in 7th.

For the senior teams, the women's race was over the same course as the junior men, with Clare Whitehead (Cosmics) running for the Scottish cause. She stuck well to her task, and finished in 6th position. For the senior men's race of 3 laps totalling 12km with 760m climb, Prasad Prasad (Clydesdale) and Dan Whitehead (Cosmics) had made the journey south. Prasad was well placed and looking strong after the first lap, but suffered on the second lap, before regaining his poise at the close, and picking up places to finish 7th. "
