---
title: "Scots dominant in OMM's Elite Class, 30-31 October"
date: 2010-11-08
excerpt: "Five out of the top seven in the OMM's elite class are Scots-based...  '"
---

_From Bruce Poll:_

A large number of bleary-eyed Scots turned up in Dartmoor, the marathon part of the weekend being getting to the start line. (At least we know we will have less distance to travel next year!)

Andy and Joe Symonds disappeared early into the tussocks and then had to wait in camp to see if they had been fast enough to lead after Day 1. They hadn't - Jethro Lennox, partnered by Steve Birkinshaw (last year's winners) came in 12 minutes ahead, leaving Andy and Joe in second. Bruce Poll and Alan Smith were fifth, only 30 seconds ahead of Angela Mudge and Brendan Bolland after nearly 7 hours of independant running. Murray Strain and Dan Gay were only a further 10 minutes down. Bruce and Alan had run past them whilst Murray was lying down in a particularly nasty section of tussocks. Murray was stil smiling and their later tarmac splits were blistering.

Day 2 saw some low cloud in places and some wandering about drifting off compass bearings. Andy and Joe seemed to be floating over the bogs, whilst Alan and Bruce were debating the need for snorkels. Andy and Joe clawed back Jethro to win overall by several minutes. Bruce and Alan could not keep Angela at bay; she and Brendan took fourth overall. Murray and Dan clawed several minutes back, but not enough to boost their overall position.

Not a bad weekend - five out of the top seven in the elite class were Scots-based, despite the long distance away from Scotland and the distinct lack of mountains on Dartmoor. We all ended up in a Scots corner at the overnight camp too. Hard terrain though. See you there next year!

[Results](http://www.siresults.co.uk/2010/omm/index.html)
