---
title: "Crowes eventually stoned by Mark Harris, Newtyle, 13 April"
date: 2011-04-14
excerpt: "Mark Harris and Joan Wilson take the honours in a record field at Newtyle.................  '"
---

Race report from Adrian Davis:

"A record entry of 50 people turned out for the Wednesday night race from Scottish Wildlife Trust's Loch of the Lowes. The route is a mix of trail, hill and woodland with the finish through the golf course and back on the Fungarth path to Loch of the Lowes. The bird theme continued with the female Osprey now nesting and laying eggs on the reserve for a record time. However it was the Crowes who started to feature in the race with Jamie Crowe leading the race out at what seemed like 1500m pace (I'm getting old) chased by a lots of male vets. Des was not far behind with Mark Harris and Brian Bonnyman taking up the chase. This year the race ventured up Newtyle Hill then the woods before returning along the path above Dunkeld in a clockwise manner to avoid the crunching tarmac descent further along the golf course and this seemed to work well. The ladies fared well too with Joan Wilson gaining an advantage over Kerry Sweeney to win the ladies race. Mark Harris pulled away to win the race overall with Jamie ahead of the fast finishing Brian Bonnyman and Des. Thanks to all the marshalls, the Nicolls for the cakes Davie Duncan seen running up Newtyle after his broken leg and Kate and Emma for the finish.

Thanks, Adrian"

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=NewtyleResults2011.xls)
