---
title: "Run-4-It SHR Scottish Hill Running Championship 2011"
date: 2011-10-03
excerpt: "It’s been an excellent championship this year with the usual excellent variety of courses and a complete spectrum of weather and in the end 112 people turned out enough times to earn SHR mugs..."
---

After the massive turnout at Ben Venue for the last championship race, a record 112 people (including under 23s) have earned a valuable SHR mug. Amazing how much pain and effort people will go through for a mug ! The mugs should be available from Tinto race.

It’s been an excellent championship this year with the usual excellent variety of courses and a complete spectrum of weather (the heat wave at Ben Rinnes and hypothermic conditions at Sloich spring to mind).

Jethro Lennox won the senior men’s championship for the 4th time (he previously won in 2004, 2006 and 2008) and Veronique Oldham retained her Over 40 title and also finished 2nd in the Senior Women. All other individual titles were won by new, even if some rather well kent, faces. However a couple of names worth mentioning are Catriona Buchanan who won both the Senior Women’s and the Under 23 and Gill Irvine who not only won the Women’s Over 50s, but was 2nd in the Over 40s and 3rd in the Senior Women!

The stranglehold on the men’s team prize by Shettleston and Carnethy continued. No other club has won this since Lochaber took it in 1993 and since then Carnethy have won 9 times, Shettleston 7 times and they have tied twice ! Carnethy retained the Men’s Over 40 team, a title they have never lost in the 5 years the competition has been going. But while Carnethy also retained the Women’s Over 40 team, there was a new name on the Women’s Senior team trophy – a strong Ochils squad took this to record their first ever team title (and probably not their last with such a strong team). So congratulations to the 2011 championships, who are :

Senior Men: Jethro Lennox (Shettleston H)

Senior Women : Catriona Buchanan (Ochil HR)

Over 40 Men : Kenny Richmond (Bellahouston RR)

Over 40 Women : Veronique Oldham (Cosmic HB)

Over 50 Men : Alan Smith (Deeside R)

Over 50 Women : Gill Irvine (Highland HR)

Over 60 Men : Martin Hulme (Corstorphine AAC)

Over 60 Women : Ros Evans (Westerlands CCC)

Under 23 Men : James Waldie ( Carnethy HRC)

Under 23 Women : Catriona Buchanan (Ochil HR)

Male Team : Shettleston H

Female Team : Ochil HR

Male Over 40 Team : Carnethy HRC

Female Over 40 Team : Carnethy HRC

The final listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2011.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists for those interested in the stats).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
