---
title: "Two winners at the Two Breweries"
date: 2011-09-25
excerpt: "In a rare deadheat nothing could separate veterans Mark Harris and Stewart Whitlie. Jasmin Paris finished in 12th place overall to to claim a clear win in the womens race.  '"
---

In a rare deadheat nothing could separate veterans Mark Harris and Stewart Whitlie. Jasmin Paris finished in 12th place overall to claim a clear win in the womens race.

**Report by Race Organisers, Peter & Elsie:**

The race attracted another large field with 140 entries and 124 starters, not including Mr Wall, who decided to walk under his own steam.

The weather was kind with a cooling breeze and warm sunshine - what a change from the rest of the month. Stewart Whitlie and Mark Harris decided to disappoint the cheering hordes at the finish by refusing to sprint, finishing together in gentlemanly fashion. Chivalry is not dead!

The ladies race was won by Jasmin Paris for Carnethy, but even she could not hold off the HBT ladies who took first ladies team prize. The men's team prize was won by HBT with three in the top eight.

The Breweries is a classic race, with great support from both Breweries, the folk from Broughton and further afield, who turn up an spend the day on the hill looking after runners regardless of the weather. Only issue marring the day was a runner abusing a marshal when we were trying to ensure the official fence crossing agreed with the farmer was used - disqualification next time.

That aside, We had a wonderful day. How many race organisers can say that, I wonder? Many, many thanks to all who made it happen so successfully.

_Peter and Elsie_

[Results](http://www.scottishhillracing.co.uk/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0103&RaceYear=2011) | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157627743070814/ )
