---
title: "<p>Speed of Light 2012 - a call for runners</p>"
date: 2011-08-30
excerpt: "Fancy taking part in this unique event? (Hill runners in energy-harvesting light-suits!!)"
---

From event organiser Catrin Kemp:

I am working for award-winning arts organisation NVA on a visual art project called Speed of Light. Funded by Legacy Trust UK, it will be Scotland’s official contribution to the Cultural Olympiad and the London 2012 Festival. It will tie the end of the Olympics to the start of the Para Olympics and will be a major commission for the Edinburgh International Festival next year. Over the course of 3 weeks, 18,000 ticket holders will walk up Arthur’s Seat after dark, whilst it is lit up by runners in energy-harvesting light-suits. More information can be found here: [Speed of light](http://www.nva.org.uk/current-projects/speed+of+light-31/)

This year we would like to look at charting the network of paths on Arthur’s Seat and what it looks like to have over 100 people running up there, and the lengths of time needed to run each section. We are looking for runners from the Edinburgh area to take part in this unique project. The attached ‘Call to Runners’ gives details of where we are meeting and when (23rd and 25th Aug, 5.45pm, Arthur’s Seat). The evenings will not consist of constant hill running – here will be jogging and walking too.

It would be great if you could forward this information to your affiliated clubs and put it on your website. Each group who takes part will have the chance to take part in the work next year too.
