---
title: "Des Crowe swoops to victory at Chapelgill, 19 March"
date: 2011-03-20
excerpt: "In a battle of the vets Des Crowe came out on top, with the Ladies prize going to Neah Evans....  '"
---

In a battle of the vets Des Crowe came out on top, with the Ladies prize going to Neah Evans...

_From Race organiser Robin Morris_

"Des C won before ten years ago – turns 50 next month ! Neah Evans, daughter of Ben Nevis winner Ros over 30 year ago who was third, was doing her first hill race almost. Nice and easy race – only 48 runners compared to 170 last year when in the championship. No SAL levy - £2.00 entry fee.

Dry, bright but very cool. Thanks to the usual very few helpers required.

Errors and omissions accepted. Any questions to me. Please forward to anybody else required

Robin M "

[Results](http://shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Chapelgill2011.xls "Chapelgill 2011") | [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157626180380655/  "Courtesy of Ian Nimmo")

Congrie Conga March 19th 2011

_From organiser Martin Hyman:_

The turnout was far the smallest ever. Nevertheless those who did have a go made it worthwhile by their enthusiasm and enjoyment. Regulars Ailsa & Sruan Bennet both needed to record personal bests to keep the opposition at bay. My thanks to Nicola Kellock for working tirelessly to mark and marshal the course and to Alex, the international smile and muddy knee judge, who once again brought a touch of class to the event.

Results: Ailsa Bennet (aged 7) - Carnegie - 12.33, Struan Bennet (aged 6) - Carnegie - 14.30, Fergus Mason (aged 6) - 14.35, Kiara Brown (aged 6) - Lomond Hill Runners - 14.36 and Tom Roper (aged 6) - 15.15

Forthcoming events:

Ben Lomond Fun Run (At Ben Lomond Races) Saturday May 7tht 2011 (t.b.c.)

Glas T Toe Tickle (At Glas Tulaichean Race) Saturday June 4th 2011. New event.

Menstrie Mystery (At Juniors Selection Races) Sunday August 28th Changed course.
