---
title: "Eildons 2 Hill Race, 25th June"
date: 2011-06-27
excerpt: "Murray Strain wins the combined SAL and SHR Championship race in 27:31 with Tracey Brindley taking the ladies top spot in 31:40  '"
---

_Report from Paul Morris, race organiser_

The 50th anniversary of this classic race was always bound to attract a large field, but the additional attraction of being the Scottish Athletics Championship, and a counter in the Scottish Hill Runners Championship series led to over 200 runners turning out at the Greenyards.

After low cloud in the morning, the race was run in good – if somewhat warm conditions. After the traditional circuit of Gibson Park, the field spread out enough along Melrose high street to avoid too much congestion on the steps that lead down and then up to the open hill. The leading runners were spread out on the very steep ascent through the gorse to the first summit, with Murray Strain retaining a lead from early on, and he was in no danger of being caught as he entered the Greenyards rugby ground for a final lap.

The organising club – Gala Harriers had put up a prize of £250 for any runner breaking the existing course records. Whilst it was always felt Kenny Stuarts’ 1984 time of 25mins 48secs was safe, there was felt to be more of a chance that the Ladies time of 30mins 28secs set by Trish Calder in 1990 might be vulnerable. As it turned out, although Tracey Brindley came closer to the prize than Murray Strain, she was still just over a minute short of worrying the clubs’ treasurer!

The prize giving took place on the hallowed turf of the rugby pitch, and it was a special pleasure to have George Meikle, Jed Mather and Roy Kinghorn who finished 1st 2nd & 3rd in the very first race to present the trophies. George has the incredible record of having won the first 10 consecutive races, and had he been fortunate enough to own a car would no doubt have been a much better known figure within hill running circles. He presented the very attractive new trophy – named after him to Fiona Maxwell as the first lady veteran.

Many thanks to all those who helped to make this special running of the race possible - in particular, Melrose rugby club for the use of their facilities, St Marys’ School, Harmony gardens and Purves’ garage for parking, and the couple who used the rugby club for their wedding reception in the evening!

[Results](Download.aspx?Item=Eildon_2_Hills_2011_results.pdf)
