---
title: "Double Gold for Scottish teams at Snowdon International, 24 July"
date: 2011-07-27
excerpt: "Scotland struck gold in both mens and womens team competitions at Saturday’s Snowdon International Race, once again demonstrating their current strength after victory in the recent World Long Distance Championship in Slovenia."
---

Scotland struck gold in both mens and womens team competitions at Saturday’s Snowdon International Race, once again demonstrating their current strength after victory in the recent World Long Distance Championship in Slovenia.

Murray Strain was the star performer. He led the men to victory in emphatic style and was agonisingly close to the individual crown, eventually finishing a mere 7 seconds behind the four times race winner and international marathon runner Andi Jones of England after they had changed the lead repeatedly on the gruelling five mile descent. Next Scot to finish was Robbie Simpson, whose third place was yet more evidence of the 19 year old’s huge potential but not quite enough to match his victory in last year’s race. Only another minute and one place behind was Jethro Lennox who, like Robbie was able to add team gold here to their recent win in the World Long, a feat repeated by Andy Fallas who was the man to seal the victory.

It was an equally dominant performance by Scotland’s women. They were led home by Catriona Buchanan, like Robbie the 19 year old winner of the 2010 race and posting another great result this year, but having to concede victory to England’s World Long Champion Pippa Maddams. Making her debut, Christina Rankin ran a great race, exchanging places with Catriona throughout and finishing only 30 seconds in her wake to take 3rd. Team victory was ensured by Fiona Maxwell in an excellent 5th place.
