---
title: "<p>The Dragon is back after 20 years&#8230;.</p>"
date: 2011-07-11
excerpt: "Next year is the 20th anniversary of the Dragons Back Race, which follows the mountainous spine of Wales from North to South, over 220 miles and 5 days. The race has only ever happened once in 1992, when it was famously won by Martin Stone and Helene Diamantides. Ever since, the race has been whispered about with a mix of awe and trepidation…..."
---

Press release from organiser Shane Ohly:

Dragon’s Back Race™ 2012

The original Dragon’s Back Race™ happened just once in September 1992 and was famously won by Martin Stone and Helene Diamantides. Ever since, the race has been whispered about with a mix of awe and trepidation. With the help of books like Richard Askwith’s ‘Feet In the Clouds’, its growing reputation has reached almost legendary status with many fell, mountain and ultra runners the World over.

September next year is the 20th anniversary of the original race and once again the Dragon will be breathing fire on the mountains of Wales!

“The 2012 course will follow the original route very closely; starting at Conwy Castle in the north and tracing the mountainous spine of Wales southwards, over 5 days with approximately 220 miles and 50,000 feet of ascent, to finish at Carreg Cennen Castle. It’s an incredible route,” explains race organiser Shane Ohly

Many runners consider the Dragon’s Back Race™ to be the toughest mountain running event ever organised. Those wishing to take part next year will be fully supported throughout with tented accommodation, breakfast and evening meals provided, a daily resupply point and transportation of their overnight kit. On completion of this epic race, all the competitors and support crew will share a celebratory feast before return transport takes everyone back to Conwy in North Wales.

If you would like to find out more, please visit www.DragonsBackRace.com.
