---
title: "Slioch proves a real challenge"
date: 2011-05-23
excerpt: "Kenny Richmond and Jasmin Paris tame Slioch.  Read on...  '"
---

A mixture of old heads and fresh faces were the winners at the toughest championship race of the year so far.

Bellahouston's Kenny Richmond led home the men, the first of a trio of M40's to find the best route up and down the mountain. Jasmin Paris of Carnethy won out in the ladies race.

_From Race Organiser Ross Bannerman_

_SLIOCH HORSESHOE 2011 REPORT_

_A race entry of 155 with 150 finishers with very challenging wet and blustery conditions._

_There was a weather window of sorts as the race started – however cloud cover and heavy rain returned during the race. Fortunately the wind did not seem to reach the 70mph forecast!_

_A revised route this year to avoid an exposed section of ridge after the Slioch summit, however the race distance still turned out to be similar and still over 12 miles._

_The overall winner was Kenny Richmond from Bellahouston RR in 2 hrs 05 mins, with Will Manners (Strathearn) a minute behind and Mark Harris (Fife AC) a further minute back. First lady was Jasmin Paris from Carnethy in 2 hrs 32 min with Andrea Priestley (Ochil HR) also a minute behind and Eilidh Raistrick (HHR) in 3rd, a further 5 minutes back._

_The first mens team were Shettleston and First womens team were Ochil._

_Many thanks to all the marshalls that made it possible for the race to go ahead in the conditions and provided excellent support to the runners on the hill with encouragement, directions, punching numbers, wading in to burns to help runners across and giving a general reassurance. Also many thanks to Maddy Killit and her catering team for excellent food and organisation and for use of the village hall which was most appreciated. Also once again a big thanks to Norman and Barbara from the Letterewe Estate for continued support and permission each year._

_I would also like to thank Ian from ‘Run 4 it’ for all his help and equipment provided plus vouchers and spot prizes that were generously donated._

_Finally despite losing my count before the start when confronted by Simon Peachey’s race attire! – Many Congratulations to him on his big day from us all at Highland Hill Runners._

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID= RA-0560&RaceYear=2011)
