---
title: "Mither Tap Race 2011"
date: 2011-07-24
excerpt: "Fine conditions brought out a record field of 80 entries for the seniors race. New record set tonight by Dan Whitehead of Deeside Runners in 31:56 with Forres Harries team mates Graeme Bartlett (33:04) and Kyle Greig (33:30) battling it out for 2nd and 3rd places. 1st Female was Veronique Oldham of Cosmics in 42:45, with Elaine Stewart of Cosmics taking the Female Super Vet in 49:02 and Dave Duncan of Ochil Runners taking the Male Super Vet in 45:04. Rupert Williams, of Cosmics took the honours for the Male Super Duper Vet in 44:38. Both Female and Male Team prizes went to Cosmics.  '"
---

_From organiser Jason Williamson_

3rd race in the Cosmics Summer Series

Fine conditions brought out a record field of 80 entries for the seniors race. New record set tonight by Dan Whitehead of Deeside Runners in 31:56 with Forres Harries team mates Graeme Bartlett (33:04) and Kyle Greig (33:30) battling it out for 2nd and 3rd places. 1st Female was Veronique Oldham of Cosmics in 42:45, with Elaine Stewart of Cosmics taking the Female Super Vet in 49:02 and Dave Duncan of Ochil Runners taking the Male Super Vet in 45:04. Rupert Williams, of Cosmics took the honours for the Male Super Duper Vet in 44:38. Both Female and Male Team prizes went to Cosmics.

Juniors race brought out a record field of 20 runners with plenty of determination and energy from all, bringing in David Walls at first male in 12:30 and Eve Sealy at first female in 13:42.

Congratulations to all runners and a big thank you to the marshals for looking after the course. All round appreciation to Forestry Commission and Pittodrie Estate for granting permission to hold the race and to Run 4 It for supporting the Summer Series and providing the spot prizes. The prizes selection was topped up by the generous support of 6 jars of Monymusk Honey from D. Wilkinson, Monymusk.

Next and final race in the 2011 Cosmic Summer Series is on August 18th at Cheyne Hill.

Jason Williamson

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0546&RaceYear=2011) | [Junior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0623&RaceYear=2011)
