---
title: "UK World Mountain Running trial in Blackburn"
date: 2011-08-15
excerpt: "A day of mixed fortune on Saturday as some of the Scots found at least one of the 20,000 holes in Blackburn Lancashire.  Hugh Buchanan's report follows..."
---

It was a day of mixed results for the Scottish contingent

Hugh Buchanan writes

_UK selection race for the World Mountain Running Championships It was a day of mixed fortunes for Scottish athletes at the UK selection races for the World Mountain Running Championships, which were held at Blackburn on Saturday 13 August. The courses were in Witton Park on the western edge of the town, with relatively flat opening and closing sections, with a steep wooded hill in the middle of each loop. In the women's Under-20 race, of 5.3km with 240m of climb, Scout Adkin (Moorfoot) started a favourite after her excellent form earlier in the season. However, just when the race was hotting up, she took a wrong turning on the course, and never had a chance to make up the lost ground on her rivals. Garry Rankin (Kilbarchan), and Edinburgh student James Waldie (Cornwall), ran in the men's under-20 race of 9.1km and 400m of ascent. However, Rankin twisted his ankle on one of the slippy ascents, and was forced to drop out. Waldie ran well to come home in a creditable 8th place. The senior women's race was also 9.1km and 400m of ascent, and attracted an excellent field of Britain's best. Behind a comfortable win by Lizzie Adams (Hallamshire), Tracey Brindley (Ochil) was the leading Scot home in 9th, with Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan) 11th, Clare Whitehead (Deeside) 13th and Catriona Buchanan (Ochil) 14th._

_The senior men's race was over 12.9km with 560m of ascent, and also had an excellent field, but Scots were notable by their absence. The race was won by James McMullan (Thames), an occasional Hunter's Bog Trotter from Andi Jones (Salford)._

_Full results available at http://www.ukresults.net/2011/mount1.html._

_The senior races were also the final part of the UK Athletics McCain's Mountain Running Challenge, with results calculated over 3 races. In the women's overall rankings, Brindley was 5th, Nicola Meekin (Lochaber) 6th, Buchanan 7th, Whitehead 9th and Rankin 12th. In the overall men's rankings, McMullan was the clear winner, with Robbie Simpson (Deeside) the leading Scot in 5th._

_The races are the primary selection race for UK teams comprising 3 junior women, 4 junior men, 4 senior women and 6 senior men which are due to be announced by UK Athletics during this week._
