---
title: "Comrie Relay Results"
date: 2011-09-12
excerpt: "Phil Mestecky gives us an update from Sunday's relay.....  '"
---

For once bad weather accompanied the 6th running of the Simon Wake Comrie Hills Relay. But despite that 32 team braved the conditions. The race was won by the Strathearn Men's team (Colin Glencorse, Phil Mestecky, Digby Sym, Will Manners and race organizer, Phil Tipping) in a time of 3.32.29 with Deeside in second (3.38.48) and Carnethy in third (3.43.13).

First women's team was HBT (Megan Wright, Eilidh Wardlaw, Julia Lutte, Megan Mowbray and Clare Ward) in 4.03.50 ahead of Ochils (4.09.45) and Carnethy Ladies (4.29.08).

First Vets team was Ochils (John Stevenson, John McEwan, Alan Murray, Dave Murray, Craig Brown) and first Mixed team were from Fife AC (Alison McGill, Tony Martin, Andy Milne, Graham Kirby and Anita Laidlaw).

Stage winners:

Leg 1: Andy Fallas, Carnethy

Leg 2: Phil Mestecky and Digby Sym, Strathearn

Leg 3: Sam Hesling, Carnethy

Leg 4: Drew Tivendale, Deeside

Provisional results are now up http://www.strathearnharriers.org.uk/ComrieHillsRelay2011results.pdf (Please note we have spotted a small error resulting from the 2nd mass start which may have times slightly slower than they should be. Please bear with us while we sort that out).

Big thanks to everyone who made the day a big success: Marshals (especially those ohn the 800m ridge for 3 hours!), Landowners, Sponsors (The Famous Grouse Experience, Crieff), Volunteer caterers and burger flippers, and Comrie Croft for the use of their barn for the post-race BBQ.

All profits from the race go to fight Pancreatic Cancer and an additional £100 was raise through the amazingly generous donations from runners during the BBQ.

See you all next year!
