---
title: "Bennachie Hill Race"
date: 2011-10-10
excerpt: "Forres Harriers' Kyle Greig was the defending champion from 2010 and came into the race in excellent form, following a recent win at the Baxters' Loch Ness 10k. Taking an early lead, Kyle was able to maintain the advantage from a pursuing pack including HBT's Alec Keith and Highland Hill Runners' Graeme Campbell and David Wilby, eventually winning the race in 55:39. Alec Keith finished 2nd in 58:45, with David Wilby in 3rd place with 59:02.  In the womens' race, Cosmic Hillbasher Veronique Oldham retained her title, finishing as first lady in 1:09:55. Sarah Styles of Metro Aberdeen finished in 2nd place in 1:13:43, followed by Liz Delaney of the Cosmics in 1:16:24.  '"
---

_From Organiser Craig Kelly_

What started out as a dull and damp morning eventually developed into ideal racing conditions for the 22nd annual Bennachie Hill Race and Junior Hill Race. Garioch Roadrunners welcomed a total of 165 runners to the event, equaling the record attendance from last year.

Forres Harriers' Kyle Greig was the defending champion from 2010 and came into the race in excellent form, following a recent win at the Baxters' Loch Ness 10k. Taking an early lead, Kyle was able to maintain the advantage from a pursuing pack including HBT's Alec Keith and Highland Hill Runners' Graeme Campbell and David Wilby, eventually winning the race in 55:39. Alec Keith finished 2nd in 58:45, with David Wilby in 3rd place with 59:02.

In the womens' race, Cosmic Hillbasher Veronique Oldham retained her title, finishing as first lady in 1:09:55. Sarah Styles of Metro Aberdeen finished in 2nd place in 1:13:43, followed by Liz Delaney of the Cosmics in 1:16:24.

In the team event, Highland Hill Runners finished as first male team, with Cosmic Ladies A first female team. Aberdeen University finished claimed the prize for first mixed team.

In the Junior Hill Race, Fraser Drummond of the Cosmic Hillbashers was first boy, in 20:58, with Eve Sealy of Banchory Stonehaven finishing as first girl in 25:41.

Bennachie is the 3rd of 3 races in the Aberdeenshire Hill Race series, also comprising Morven and Cairn William. Over the course of the 3 races, Chris Tomlin of the Cosmics emerged as first male in a cumulative time of 2:47:34, with Mel Angus (Fat Bobs) as first female in 3:55:57.

Huge thanks to all those who assisted with the race, including all volunteers and marshalls, in ensuring another successful event. Also, thanks to our sponsors Run 4 It, who kindly provided category prizes for the race.

Full race results attached and photos to follow on the Garioch Roadrunners website in the next couple of days.

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Bennachie Hill Race results 2011.xls)
