---
title: "It's Al Again at the Caerketton Hill Race"
date: 2011-08-11
excerpt: "On a very wet evening at Hillend Al Anthony took his winning streak at this event to four races on the trot. The trotters in turn won the women's race for the fourth successive year, this time Sarah O'Neill taking the honours. The continuity continued with Steven Fallon scooping a hat-trick of vet's prizes and Cameron Law winning his fifth junior race  Read on for Race Organiser Stewart Whitlie's report  Results available '  The race was followed by the Bog and Burn prize giving with some much needed soup in the Steading. More details on the results of the series to follow  '"
---

On a very wet evening at Hillend Al Anthony took his winning streak at this event to four races on the trot. The trotters in turn won the women's race for the fourth successive year, this time Sarah O'Neill taking the honours. The continuity continued with Steven Fallon scooping a hat-trick of vet's prizes and Cameron Law winning his fifth junior race

Race Organiser Stewart Whitlie writes

_Great turnout for the Caerketton Race this evening, last counting event in the Bog and Burn series. 77 turned up for the senior race and 4 for the junior race. Bit of a damp evening but glad to see so many folk out. Al Anthony of Ochils had a pretty comfortable win ahead of the Carnethy duo Konrad Rawlik and Paul Falkner. Al’s sixth win in this event and fourth in a row. Ladies race was won by Sarah O’Neill (HBT) ahead of Charlotte Morgan (U/A) and Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT). Cameron Law of Dunbar Running Club won the Junior race. His 5th win in a row which is equally impressive given he is still only 12!_

Results available [here](http://www.carnethy.com/ri_results/caerk/ck_2011.htm), and photos [here](https://picasaweb.google.com/108728657693519667799/CaerkettonHillRace2011#)

**Bog and Burn Summary Results**

Men  
1\. Al Anthony (Ochils)  
2\. Niall McAlinden (Westies)  
3\. John Stevenson (Ochils)  
M40 Gary Fraser (Ochils)  
M50 Damien Theaker (Helensburgh)  
M60 Biff Duff (Carnegie)

Women  
1\. Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan)  
2\. Julia Connor (Moorfoot)  
3\. Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT)  
F40 Julia Harris (Bellahouston)  
F50 Doleen Galbraith (Giffnock North)  
F60 Pat McLaughlin (Westies)

David Duncan and Julia Connor completed all 11 races!
