---
title: "Glas Tulaichean Uphill Race, 4 June"
date: 2011-06-06
excerpt: "Paul Faulkner records the fastest time since 2007 and the biggest winning margin ever while Edel Mooney works her way through the field to third place in a brilliantly paced run..."
---

_From organiser Martin Hyman:_

"On a cool day, with a blustery west wind and the tops in cloud, newcomer Paul Faulkner recorded the fastest time since 2007 and the biggest winning margin ever. Second was Martin Dean, who thought that he would try uphill running to save his knees, which are sore from 50 years of pounding. Edel Mooney worked her way through the field to third place in a brilliantly paced run. Her time has been beaten only by Angela Mudge who dominated the women’s’ field up to 2001.

The record low turn out was extremely disappointing. A number of events clashed, including a new championship race added late on. Also there was less incentive to enter on an up and down World Champs year. (The event was devised to give Scottish hill runners a chance to practise a style of mountain running which predominates in Europe and which is used for alternate World Championships) The fun run was even more disappointing. Last year 4 bored youngsters, who were waiting for a parent to come down from the race, asked if they could have their own race. So I promised to organise one for them this year. They did not turn up and none came in response to the listing in the Scottish Athletics and Scottish Hill Runners fixture lists. Of course it is great to know that older runners enjoy our sport and turn out in numbers, but unless we can attract more youngsters, the general decline in Scottish distance running is set to continue.

I am inspired by Glas Tulaichean and its surroundings, and am grateful for the loyal helpers, not least Simon Winton the landowner and Richard his assistant, Mark and Val, the summit crew, Iain and Massimo, course markers, Alice & Charlie, Steve & Irene at base, so I would l wish the event to continue, despite the low numbers. However the truth is that I am no longer physically fit enough to be held responsible for course marking and for the safety of competitors, so I was contemplating calling it a day. However I have been heartened by spontaneous offers of assistance from Simon Winton, Dave Hanlon, Iain Donnan (twice past winner and still only 25) and from Richard & Kirsten Airlie-Gilbert who have recently move into the area, We shall have to see what we can work out."

Martin Hyman
