---
title: "Trial races at Menstrie, 28 August"
date: 2011-08-21
excerpt: "Final details for the Commonwealth Championship, Junior Home International and World Masters Trial races at Menstrie are now available (see link below), read on for more information on the Internationals themselves....  Full details of the trial races are '"
---

Next Sunday (28 August) at Menstrie will see trial races for Scottish teams across all age groups.

Seniors will be competing for places at the Second Commonwealth Mountain Running Championships (http://www.cmudc2011.org/en/ ) to be held in Snowdonia on Saturday 24 September. There are up to 5 places in each of the men's and women's teams. The inaugural Commonwealths were held in Keswick in 2009.

Juniors (U16 and U18, boys and girls) will be competing for team places at the British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships and Junior Home International, which is being held in conjunction with the Commonwealth Championships in Snowdonia. Scotland won the Junior Home International in Dublin last year by a narrow margin from England, and will be looking to repeat that feat this year.

Menstrie will also see Masters competing for the honour of wearing a Scottish vest at the World Masters Mountain Running Championships (http://wmmrc2011.org/ ) to be held in Paluzza, Italy on Saturday 17 September. (NB Masters, please note, there seems to have been very little advance interest in the World event this year and on this basis SHR has decided that it wont be organising any group accommodation, sorry. Please dont let put you off from having a go at the Trial though!)

It should be a great day's racing!

Full details of the trial races are [Here](http://shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=information_page_2011_v2.pdf)
