---
title: "Birnam Hill Classic, 26 March"
date: 2011-04-06
excerpt: "Records all round at Birnam!  '"
---

Birnam Race Report from _organiser Adrian Davis:_

The Birnam Hill race was the first Scottish Championship race of the season and attracted a field of over 240 runners. Excellent racing conditions cool and generally dry helped the slightly new course and path to accommodate such a large field. However it was a shame that it was misty at the top as Birnam Hill gives beautiful views over the Southern Highlands with Schiehallion, Bein A Ghlo and Ben Vrackie prominent. The Perthshire lowlands and beyond as far as Fife and the Ochils are also viewed looking south from the summit on a fine day. Of course you'll have to come back to see it!

The racing was excellent with new records all round probably helped by the new track up and on the back (southward side) of the hill. Robbie Simpson ran away with it in a record time of 28:43 knocking over 30 seconds off Prasad Prasad's time. Jethrow Lennox ran well to take 2nd ahead of ever improving Mathew Sullivan followed closely by Alistair Anthony and Tom Owens. First vet was Kenny Richmond clear of Mark Harris and Brain Marshall. The ladies race was equally competitive with Catriona Buchanan setting off at great speed to be caught on the steep climb by Claire Whitehead who used her excellent descending technique to speed away on the descent and win in a record 32:02 (in 23rd place overall)ahead of Angela Mudge's record. Third lady was Sarah McCormack of Moorfoots. Veronique Oldham took the female V40 prize. The marshalls were magnificent on the hill and on results Ian Nimmo/Dave Scott and Tashi while Malcom Patterson and Gordon Cameron (also 4th Vet 50) and food in the hall with Louise, Laurie Anderson and the team really doing a great job in the Birnam Institute. Thanks to you all.

Please send any amendments and any corrections on results to me please as we know there were a few difficulties this year.

Thanks to all that attended. Best wishes, Adrian

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&RaceYear=2011)
