---
title: "Invitation to Second Round of Fauch Hill Wind Farm Exhibitions"
date: 2011-09-29
excerpt: "On the South West edge of the Pentlands there are plans to put up a new windfarm.  Public forums are being held in the next few weeks for interested parties to find out more. Details follow"
---

The West of the Pentlands there are plans to put up a new windfarm.

_Invitation to Second Round of Fauch Hill Wind Farm Exhibitions_

_The third meeting of the Fauch Hill Liaison Forum took place at West Lothian College on Monday 26th September 2011. We would like to thank all of those who attended the meeting; which provided local stakeholders with an open forum to discuss their views and pose questions on the community benefit package proposed by EFRG as part of plans for a section 36 wind farm West Colzium & Crosswoodburn. The minutes of the meeting will be circulated shortly. Following this meeting, FHSE would be delighted to invite you to attend the forthcoming second round of public consultation events for the Fauch Hill Wind Farm._

_As a local stakeholder, we are keen to continue our dialogue and work with you as our proposals move forward in the planning process. The Fauch Hill Sustainable Energy (FHSE) team will be holding their second round of public exhibitions at a range of venues in October to provide the local community with an opportunity to view and comment on our updated proposals and associated community benefit package before the plans are submitted to the Scottish Government. The details of these public events are below:_

_Tuesday 11th October, Buchan and Barbour Room (Pavillion B), West Lothian College, Livingston – 2pm to 8pm_

_Wednesday 12th October, West Calder Community Centre – 2pm to 7pm_

_Thursday 13th October, Kirknewton Village Hall – 2pm to 7pm_

_We hope you will be able to attend over the course of the three days and look forward to meeting with you. For further information please contact Kirstanne McDowall either by email to kirstanne.mcdowall@invictapa.co.uk or by phone on 0131 220 0159. Or alternatively visit http://www.fauchhillsustainableenergy.com._
