---
title: "Great Scots! Adkin and Rankin shine at European Trials, 12 June"
date: 2011-06-14
excerpt: "Scout Adkin and Garry Rankin, both juniors, won their respective trial races for the European Championships, making certain of their places in the UK team for the event in Bursa, Turkey, next month....."
---

This report from HRC Convenor, Hugh Buchanan:

"Scottish athletes had excellent results at the UKA Mountain Running Championships, held over uphill-only courses on Skiddaw on Sunday 12 June at Keswick, which were also the selection races for the UK teams for the European Hill Running Championships. Scout Adkin (Moorfoot) and Garry Rankin (Kilbarchan) won the Under-19 races, each booking automatic selection to the European Championships to be held at Bursa in Turkey on 9 July.

The Under-19 women raced first, over a 3.9km course with 395m of ascent. The race started with the competitors in a close pack, and as the race emerged from the forest to the open hillside, Adkin built an emphatic lead to victory, validating her Under-18 GB and Ireland title last season. Louise Hill-Stirling (Ayr Seaforth) pushed through strongly in 4th place, and 16-year-old Louise Mercer (Teviotdale) worked well to finish 5th.

The Under-19 men ran a longer course to the summit of Skiddaw amounting to 8.9km with 900m of ascent. Rankin ran strongly from the front, fighting off repeated challenges by other athletes. He was the sole Scottish representative in a field which included a number of athletes he had met at last year's GB and Ireland event.

The women's race was held over the same course as the Under-19 men, and attracted the cream of UK mountain running. Victoria Wilkinson (Bingley), winner of last year's home international at Aonach Mor, was the clear victor, tracking the other leaders over the first half before breaking clear. Scotland was strongly represented, and it was Clare Whitehead (Deeside) who was up with the leaders throughout, and finished in an excellent 4th place. The European Championship team is 4-strong, putting her in with an excellent chance of selection. Nicola Meekin (Lochaber) was close behind in 6th place, followed in 8th by a newcomer to hill racing, Rosie Smith of Hunters Bog Trotters, Catriona Buchanan in 9th (Ochils) and Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan) in 14th. The men's race also climbed Skiddaw, with an intermediate loop along the way to add extra length and height, making a total of 12.2km and 1100m of climb. As with the women, it was a very strong field with many past holders of GB vests in the fray. There were fewer Scots than in the women's race, with Robbie Simpson (Deeside) the leading finisher in 8th, supported by Sam Hesling (Carnethy) in 14th, Paul Faulkner (Carnethy) in 22nd and Dan Whitehead (Deeside) in 28th."
