---
title: "River Tay Dash, 25 March 2011"
date: 2011-04-06
excerpt: "Murray Strain led from start to finish winning in a time of 21:16 with Chris Hill and Donald Kerridge 2nd and 3rd.  '"
---

Tay Dash Race Report from _organiser Adrian Davis:_

Happy people on Friday night escaping from work! A great atmosphere ensued as everyone turned up in fine fettle to run a new route along the Tay from the Neil Gow Oak. We had a good turnout with a few late arrivals to make it a carnival atmosphere. The race was shorter than planned but none the less interesting with a narrow trail to begin with, over a fallen tree. The route followed the Tay downstream over a lade (anyone see the otter?) then down to the River Braan bridge. Turning sharply back under the A9 the track widens once you reach the Dunkeld bridge for 2 miles down to the fishing hut going toward Murthly. The last loop takes you back to the park in Birnam to the finish. I had the chance to run this year for the first time and it went well except for the young fresh legs sprinting past me at the start. The lights never got far away and the race lit up the trail with the flourescent marshall jackets shining brightly en route. Murray Strain led from start to finish winning in a time of 21:16 with Chris Hill and Donald Kerridge 2nd and 3rd. Tessa Hill 24:12 outpaced Claire Gordon (a regular at these races over the last few years) in the ladies race. Thanks to all the marshals and tea/coffee support.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2011)
