---
title: "Run-4-It Scottish Hill Running Championship after Eildon"
date: 2011-06-28
excerpt: "The latest championship listings are now available and about 45 people have already earned an SHR mug, which is everyone who has done all 4 races so far !"
---

After 4 out of the 6 races, Ros Evans has won the Women's Over 60 championship (and is also well placed in the Over 50s!). Shettleston have won the Men's Senior team and Carnethy have won at least a share of the Over 40s team title.

Other categories are very wide open and in very few is one person dominating. Martin Hulme leads the Men Over 60s, Gordon Cameron the Men's Over 50s, Anita Hamilton the Women's Over 50s and positions can change easily in all these. In the Over 40s, Veronique Oldham is looking good to take the championship, while Will Manners is leading the Men Over 40s, though Kenny Richmond is the strong favourite. The Senior Men's and Ladies depends a lot on who does the final races, but Catriona Buchanan is in a strong place leading the ladies at the moment. Matt Sullivan still leads in the men's but could be overtaken. The Ladies Over 40s team is very open with Fife currently leading, while Carnethy lead the Senior Ladies team, but Ochils must be favourites.

The Women's Under 23s is very close with Catriona Buchanan and Christina Rankin having one win and one second place (over each other) each so you can't predict who's going to take this. James Waldie is leading the Male Under 23s.

The listings after Eildon are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2011.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
