---
title: "Ben Venue, 1st October"
date: 2011-10-02
excerpt: "Finlay Wild (Lochaber) wins in 1hr 11min 32 sec while Catriona Buchanan (Ochils) is first lady home in 1.26.21  Read on...  '"
---

Finlay Wild (Lochaber) wins in 1hr 11min 32 sec while Catriona Buchanan (Ochils) is first lady home in 1.26.21

_From organiser Andy Birnie:_

While there was a heatwave in the rest of the country, the Bella Ben Venue Hill Race offered the navigational challenge of some good old fashioned Scottish clag. On a rare trip south, Finlay Wild (Lochaber), followed up on his recent Ben Nevis victory, to lead from start to finish to win the race in an impressive time of 1:11:32 on the new longer course, beating Prasad Prasad (Squadra Porcini) and Oleg Chepelin (Shettleston) into 2nd and 3rd place respectively

The race never stopped for a solid 12 hours on Saturday, but with no wind the conditions were surprisingly warm. The clouds even parted occasionally to offer tantalising glimpses of the route round the horseshoe route. Prior to the race there was a lot of chat about different racing routes between the hill checkpoints, but with the clag most folk opted for the "easy" to follow old fence line, however, as far as I'm aware, only 1 runner went for the direct racing line - brave Oleg - resulting in the gain of several places. But on a day when many folk at the finish had tales of misadventure and detours in the testing conditions, there was one question on early finishers lips, "have you seen Tom Owens?" Tom's not quite sure where he got to, but he had a great run, although it was considerable longer than most!

In the ladies' event, Catriona Buchanan had a strong run, finishing almost 4 minutes ahead of her nearest rival, and in the vets, Mark Harris of Fife AC, continued his good recent form to hold off Kenny Richmond of home club Bella. Meantime in the team category, Carnethy showed strength in depth to win the men's team prize from Bella, and the Ochils girls were too strong for the others.

And in my rush to get out of the rain at the end, I forgot to thank some people at the prizegiving. So I'll do it now:

\- thanks to all the marshalls, timekeepers & helpers from Bellahouston Road Runners.

\- thanks to Forestry Commission, for letting us use their land

\- thanks to Loch Lomond & Trossachs National Park, for sponsoring the race

\- thanks to Run4It, for providing prizes

As I did mention during the prizegiving, everyone who ran helped to raise over £1000 for Lomond Mountain Rescue Team, so many many thanks for that. The team is raising funds for a new Landrover just now, we are just over half way towards our £30,000 target. But you guys can help - and it will not cost a penny - Royal Bank of Scotland runs ‘Community Force – Making a difference where you live’. Grant money is made available by the Royal Bank of Scotland to fund local projects in the Community. We have put in an application for some of that money, but now we need votes! Please take 2 minutes to go on-line & vote for our project at [http://communityforce.rbs.co.uk/project/187](http://communityforce.rbs.co.uk/project/187)

Senior male:

1st Finlay Wild (Lochaber) - 1hr 11min 32 sec

2nd Prasad Prasad (Squadra Porcini) - 1.13.20

3rd Oleg Chepelin (Shettleston) - 1.13.30

Senior female:

1st Catriona Buchanan (Ochils) - 1.26.21

2nd Shona Robertson (Shettleston) - 1.30.16

3rd Charlotte Morgan (unattached) - 1.30.24

V40 male:

1st Mark Harris (Fife) - 1.16.43

2nd Kenny Richmond (Bellahouston Road Runners) - 1.17.24

3rd Will Manners (Strathearn Harriers) - 1.20.21

V40 Female:

1st Andrea Priestley (Ochils) - 1.33.35

2nd Hazel Dean (Central) - 1.37.17

3rd Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) - 1.37.28

V50 Male:

1st Gordon Stewart (Highland Hill Runners) - 1.30.18

V50 Female:

1st Gill Irvine (Highland Hill Runners) - 1.35.13

V60 Male:

1st Dougie Milligan (Solway) - 1.36.13

V60 Female:

1st Roz Evans (Westerlands) - 1.53.14

Male team:

Carnethy (Andy Fallas, James Waldie, John Mitchell)

Female team:

Ochils (Catriona Buchanan, Andrea Priestley, Alayne Findlay)

Full report to follow

[Provisional Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Ben_Venue_Provisional_Results_1st_Oct_2011.pdf)
