---
title: "Simpson and Oldham the winners at Clachnaben, 9 April"
date: 2011-04-11
excerpt: "Deeside's Robbie Simpson and Veronique Oldham of Cosmics were the winners at Clachnaben, whilst Finlay Wild and Nicola Meekin triumphed at Cioch Mhor....  '"
---

[Results]( http://shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Clachnaben 2011 Results.xlsx) | [Clachnaben photos](https://picasaweb.google.com/110864860894202019565/Clachnaben090411?feat=directlink#)

A report from race organiser Rob Brookes:

"Sunshine blessed Clachnaben hill runners for another year. Recent wind and mild temperatures dried out the course but the route is still a rough affair.

63 runners started out in the midday sun and cooling headwind. Local hero, Deeside's Robbie Simpson led the field from the off and made a significant break from the chasing pack on the first ascent up Threestane hill. Chris Hill (Cosmics) settled into second place and this year's main battle of the men commenced in the order of Brian Bonnyman (Westerlands) Graeme Bartlett (Forres)and Daniel Gooch (Deeside). Robbie and Chris maintained their positions throughout. The second pass over Mt Shade saw Gooch in third, Bonnyman in fourth and Bartlett in fifth but by the line, the order of the chasing three had switched once more..

Close rivals Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) and Carnethy's Jacqui Higginbottom both looked strong throughout the race and reversed the finishing order from last year with Veronique the winning female and Jacqui in second place. Louise Burt put in a great effort to take third placed female finisher.

Thankyou to The Fasque Estate for permission to run the event on their land, The Running Shop for the generous prizes, Deeside Brewery for the post race Ale and all the cake bakers. A big thankyou to all the marshals, timers, sweepers and course markers who ensure the event runs smoothly.

Amazingly there were no Female Senior category runners resulting in extra easter eggs for the organisers!

Thanks

Rob Brookes"

Meanwhile at Cioch Mhor, Lochaber provided both male and female winners in the shape of Finlay Wild and Nicola Meekin, with Nicola also breaking the women's course record. [Results]( http://www.highlandhillrunners.org.uk/#/news-and-results/4532948770)
