---
title: "Loch Lochy turns brown"
date: 2011-06-08
excerpt: "Craig Mattocks and Kate Jenkins are united in victory at Loch Lochy  '"
---

Craig Mattocks and Kate Jenkins are united in victory at Loch Lochy

From Race Organiser Bruce Poll

_A strong turn out was once again had for the 3rd running of the Lochy Munros, once again in great clear running conditions. The quality in depth was evident in both the men's and womens race with many new faces also on the start line. This proved particularly strong in the womens race with Kate Jenkins taking 10 minutes off her own record from 3 years ago to be followed only three minutes later by Eilidh Raistrick, great competition usually produces great times.

The men's race was wide open with realistically 6 in with a chance of winning. Craig Mattocks took his first win and very heavy trophy, sure it could be the first of many, a double win for the in form couple. Never to be under estimated, particularly in the longer races Alec Keith took second and first MV40, with Stewart Whiltlie MV40 3rd. Dan Gay, fresh from Jura and a record breaking Scottish Islands Peaks Race??!! turned an ankle and had to be happy to get round in 6th overall.

There were also plenty of double digit improvements in times from last year from other runners despite the last race being a year ago. Age is only a number. The ladies of Lochaber excelled themselves this year with the baking and every runner thanks them, as does the organiser. Thanks also once again to Glenfinnan Brewery, its great to pull your own pint, even if you didn't win any. Hope to see you all next year, thanks for making a great day.

_

_Bruce Poll_

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0572&RaceYear=2011)
