---
title: "Prasad impresses at the Dumyat Dash"
date: 2011-11-08
excerpt: "The Dumyat Dash Hill Race 2011  This second running of the Dumyat Dash saw the race moved forward from its previous post Christmas slot...  '"
---

Report from Andrew Wright

_The Dumyat Dash Hill Race 2011_

_This second running of the Dumyat Dash saw the race moved forward from its previous post Christmas slot to avoid the ice and snow and hopefully catch some favourable weather. And so it was to be. Despite a blanket of fog over the Forth Valley, only a hundred or so metres of ascent saw glorious sunshine, blue skies and no wind – absolutely perfect running weather for the 83 competitors._

_The course itself is a mix of relatively fast trail running, steep climbing, fast descents and a couple of burn crossings. Favourite from the off was an in-form Prasad Prasad (Squadra Porcini), who demonstrated how to get round the course with ease by taking five minutes of the old record, although to be fair he didn’t have last year’s ice to contend with! 18 year old Alastair Graves, currently unattached, showed his talent by coming 2nd, five minutes behind Prasad but also dipping inside the old record. Third place was taken by Stephen Winter from Shettleston Harriers a couple of minutes later._

_The senior female category was a slightly closer affair with Carnethy’s Jacqui Higginbottom taking the honours followed 47 seconds later by Eilis McKechnie from HBT. Third was Julia Connor (Moorfoot Runners) five minutes later._

_In the other categories Gary Fraser (Ochil Hill Runners) had a great run to take first Male Vet40 and fourth overall, while Pete Simpson (Carnegie Harriers) was Male Vet50 for the second year running and sixth overall. The Male Vet60 prize went to David Blair-Fish from Carnethy. For the females first Female Vet40 (not counting Jacqui!) was Fabienne Thomson (Carnegie Harriers), with Isobel Burnett, also from Carnegie Harriers, taking the female V50 award. Unfortunately there were no female V60 competitors this year._

_A big thanks must go to race sponsors Sweatshop Edinburgh and the Tryst Brewery in Larbert who assisted with prizes, and to local farmers Drew Mclaren and Kenny Woods who allowed us to tramp all over the trails and fields. Additionally thanks must go to the following members of Carnegie Harriers; Pete, Allan, Val, Morna, Annette, Lisa, Ian, Mark, Isobel, Sue and Stewart (day member!) whose marshalling, timekeeping, and baking made the race happen. Special thanks also to Tracey Brindley for her rapidly consumed muffins._

[results](http://shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Dumyat Dash 2011 - Results.xls)
