---
title: "<p>Rich reward for Kenny at Dollar</p>"
date: 2011-07-04
excerpt: "Kenny Richmond of Bellahouston led a good field of 100 runners home on a warm day at Dollar. Eilidh Raistrick of Highland Hill Runners was first lady.  '"
---

Dollar hill race report 2011, from Dave Scott

A warm sunny day meant a good turnout of exactly 100 runners for this year’s running of the Dollar hill race. Registration and changing were back in the old cricket pavilion again this year, a great venue for the event. As it happened, we also shared the grounds with a wedding party so some of the runners at least finished to the sounds of a pipe band!

As for the race, Kenny Richmond of Bellahouston led from the early stages and his lead never really looked threatened, finishing over 3 minutes ahead of Matt Sullivan of Shettleston in 1hour 22 minutes. Kenny was concerned at the finish that he had not visited all the checkpoints, given he had only done the race a few years ago and he had no other runners nearby to guide him! He was relieved to hear that his fears were unfounded. Iain Stewart of Westies finished third. Gary Fraser and John Stevenson of Ochils were first vet 40 and 50 respectively, whilst John Blair-Fish of Carnethy led the over sixties home.

Eilidh Raistrick of Highland Hill Runners was first lady home in just under 1 hour 38 minutes, followed by Charlotte Morgan (unattached) and Beryl Junnier of Wee County Harriers. Beryl was also first V50 and had an excellent run, improving her 2010 time by nearly 3 minutes. Hilary Ritchie of Fife was first V40.

Mention should also be made of Julie Brown and Liz Sloan, who finished 99th and 100th and who chose this as their first hill race, having done most of their training on the streets of Glasgow!

Many thanks to all the runners who came, Dollar Academy for the venue, the National Trust for allowing passage through the Glen, and all the marshals and helpers, especially Megan Priestley for baking cakes. Megan is raising funds for her trip to the Amazon next year with the British Schools Expedition Society to do conservation work, and is planning to walk up Dumyat 100 times in a year (she hasn’t yet taken after her Mum who runs up it twice a day!!). To sponsor her contact megandmark@vodafoneemail.co.uk.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0071&RaceYear=2011)
