---
title: "Deuchary Hill Canter, 27 Mar 2011"
date: 2011-04-06
excerpt: "A glorious day ends a great weekend's running!  '"
---

Deuchary Hill Race Report from _organiser Adrian Davis:_

A glorious sunny day greeted the 67 runners many who had braved the Birnam Hill Race the day before. However there were also fresh legs entered too. The race follows a winding route through the forest and woods above Craig O'Barns near Dunkeld high in the forest parrallel to the A9 for a while to the Rocking Stone before turning toward Deuchary Hill. The path was dry and interesting above the crags excellent underfoot running on soft old pine needles which covered the paths. The climb up Deuchary Hill is where Alec Keith made his move to comfortably build up a lead on Michael Reid. The sunshine and views from the summit where Grahame Nicoll was marshalling were excellent. Ben A Ghlo was crystal clear to the north and Shiehallion to the west. Wish I had more time to rest but Manny Gorman was bearing down on me. A lovely descent is followed by a grassy track round the hill back onto a stoney track before the long descent to the Glack and Cally car Park. Alec won in a time of 1:29:31, a new record with Michael second in 1:31:24. The first lady Claire Gordon 1:45:43 hung onto the lead from Jaqui Higginbottom 1:46:07 to also give her the overall lead in winning the combined three races over the weekend. Chris Hill confirmed his pedigree with a good 3rd place in 1:32:24 and first male in the three races, Tay Dash, Birnam Hill Race and Deuchary Hill. Thanks to all the landowners, Hilton Hotel, marshals and tea/soup support back at the Birnam Guest House. We couldn't have done it without you!

Keep on running! Adrian Davis

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2011)
