---
title: "2013 SHR championship races"
date: 2012-09-05
excerpt: "SHR championships for 2013.  With only one race to go in the 2012 championships here is some advance notice of the races that are planned for next year:  *   Carnethy 5 Hills (16th Feb) *   Stuc a Chroin (4 May) *   Goatfell (18 May) *   Tap O Noth (17 Aug) *   Ochil 2000s (24 Aug) *   Run of the Mill (20 Oct)          Read on for some more information......"
---

SHR championships for 2013.

With only one race to go in the 2012 championships here is some advance notice of the races that are planned for next year:

*   Carnethy 5 Hills (16th Feb)
*   Stuc a Chroin (4 May)
*   Goatfell (18 May)
*   Tap O Noth (17 Aug)
*   Ochil 2000s (24 Aug)
*   Run of the Mill (20 Oct)
    
    As usual we have 6 races to choose from and to complete the championships you have to do 4 of them, with at least one from each category\*.
    
    Short 1 – The Carnethy 5 is an old favourite, and although very early in the season it is a good way to blow away the winter cobwebs attracting a high quality field over a testing course. Under the new measurement rules this is now technically a short race but don’t let that fool you, it is a tough undertaking in potentially wintery conditions.
    
    Long 1 – Stuc a Chroin 5000. Another well established race, in 2013 it celebrates its 25th anniversary. If you’ve never done it you’ll not only get a chance to bag a Munro and Corbett but you’ll also meet some of the cheeriest marshals on the circuit.
    
    Medium 1 – Goatfell. A wee trip doon the watter to the Isle of Arran for this classic up and down, oh and there’s a short road section but we don’t talk about it. Sunburn and melting tarmac in good weather, full body cover to shelter from the hailstones if a storm blows through.
    
    Short 2 - Tap O Noth. A shorter short this time and the first time we’ve gone to this race in North East. Part of the Rhynie gala so should be a good atmosphere
    
    Long 2 - Ochil 2000’s. Already a classic even though it’s only been going a few years. Starts steadily and runnable before becoming trickier both underfoot and navigationally. The finish over Dumyat never feels this hard in the midweek race.
    
    Medium 2 -Run of the Mill. We round off with another new race to the championship and a chance to revisit the Ochils but at a sharper pace.
    
    Please note that the dates are still provisional, in fact as some of these events are still over a year away there may be other changes in store but at present these are the intended races for 2013.
    
    Following feedback from previous years we have been in touch with the race organisers to try and ensure that championship contenders will be able to get places in the sell-out races. It will still be up to SHR members to enter the races as soon as possible and entry is not guaranteed.
    
    \*All SHR members completing the championships will get a memento. Over 60s can do 4 races from any category.
