---
title: "Manor Water Hill Race, 13 Oct 2012"
date: 2012-10-15
excerpt: "The winner was Andrew Fallas of the Carnethy Hill Running Club in a time of 70m 35s. This was the first time Andrew has run the race but it is not unusual to have first-timers winning our race. Second was Mark Harris of Fife AC in 73m 15s.  _Read on for full report from Graham Pyatt_  '"
---

The winner was Andrew Fallas of the Carnethy Hill Running Club in a time of 70m 35s. This was the first time Andrew has run the race but it is not unusual to have first-timers winning our race. Second was Mark Harris of Fife AC in 73m 15s. Three weeks ago Mark and Andrew finished 2nd and 4th respectively in the Two Breweries Race (Traquair to Broughton), so this was a reversal of fortunes for this shorter and faster race. Mark is also in the Men over 40 age class, but again, it is not at all unusual for a man over 40 even to win our race. First Men over 50 was Rory Longmore of Annan and in the unusual absence of anyone in the Men over 60 class, Jim Buchanan of Annan was the winner/sole entrant in the Men over 70 class. First woman was Jasmin Paris of Carnethy in 80m 04 and she was 4th runner overall. Second woman was Jill Mykura of Carnethy in 81m 12s. First woman over 40 was Alison Powell of Carnethy in 110m 24s and the only woman over 50 was Janice Smith of HBT in 131m 55s. This year there were no Juniors (16-17 years) but there were 6 Younger Juniors (12-15 years). Lucas Cheskin of Moorfoots Club completed the 3 miles course in 24m 10s, beating his rival club-mate Kobe Stevens by a mere 3 seconds.

This the 20th annual race took place on a cold and eventually wet afternoon, in spite of which we managed to park the cars in the field and get them out again! The first part of the course was particularly wet this year but the higher ground is fairly resilient to wet weather so overall times were quite reasonable. We can be grateful we were spared by the wind which was light throughout. The race distance for the seniors is 10 miles, with 2200 feet of ascent. The winner is awarded a voucher for a pair of running shoes and the John Nash Trophy.

Thanks to our sponsors Broughton Ales, Young & Co (Footwear) Peebles and for their help on the day: Sue Nash, Anne and Ian Nimmo, Kate Hedges, Miriam Adcock, Dave & Ailsa Peck, Karen and Clive Hamilton, Rosalind Pyatt and to the British Red Cross. Anne Nimmo, former President of Carnethy HRC, presented the prizes.

_Graham Pyatt (Organiser)_

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0106&RaceYear=2012)
