---
title: "Caerketton Hill Race"
date: 2012-08-09
excerpt: "_From Stewart Whitlie_  Fine evening for first outing on new extended Caerketton race route this year. Paul Faulkner (Carnethy) had an excellent run to win ahead of the HBT duo, Dan Gay & Don Naylor. Paul had a great climb and was well clear at the top and did enough to stay ahead of a fast finishing Dan. Paul’s winning time was approx. 5mins slower than typical winning times on previous course. Charlotte Morgan had another great run to make it double for Carnethy and had a comfortable winning margin over Eilis McKechanie (HBT) and Neah Evans (Shettleston).  '"
---

_From Stewart Whitlie_

Fine evening for first outing on new extended Caerketton race route this year. Paul Faulkner (Carnethy) had an excellent run to win ahead of the HBT duo, Dan Gay & Don Naylor. Paul had a great climb and was well clear at the top and did enough to stay ahead of a fast finishing Dan. Paul’s winning time was approx. 5mins slower than typical winning times on previous course. Charlotte Morgan had another great run to make it double for Carnethy and had a comfortable winning margin over Eilis McKechanie (HBT) and Neah Evans (Shettleston). Old git male prizes went to Carnethy members : Steve Fallon (next V40, 5th place), Stewart Whitlie (1st V50, 4th place) and Bob Waterhouse (1st V60, 38th place). Carnethy ladies picked up 1st V40 (Nicolla Dunn) and 1st V50 (Cali Ingham) with Shiela Strain picking up first lady over 60 prize.

Junior race was won by Iain Innes ahead of Fergus Campbell who I’m sure will be giving his dad a run for his money in a few years time. Iain had a great run and this was on the back of 2 ½ hours ski training earlier in the afternoon. 1st girl home was Katie Ross (in 3rd place overall) just ahead of her sister Jessica. Good turnout in both races with 75 runners taking part in the senior race and 10 in the junior race. Thanks to all for coming along and to those who helped out with marshalling, time keeping activities.

[Senior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0090&RaceYear=2012) | [Junior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0414&RaceYear=2012)
