---
title: "Ben Kenneth"
date: 2012-08-10
excerpt: "Near perfect weather conditions greeted the 50 runners that participated in the Ben Kenneth Hill Race as well as the large crowd of spectators that turned out to watch the event. The race was won by Craig Mattocks from Edinburgh in a time of 35 mins 52 secs, second in last year’s race, but nearly 4 minutes slower than his previous time due to the more difficult conditions. Second was local man Donald A MacLellan, home from his base in the south of England for the race in a time of 36.26 followed by fellow local Angus Campbell in 36.57. The first female home was Charlotte Wild in sixth position overall in 43.20 with local girl Lorna MacLeod second in 50.18.  '"
---

Near perfect weather conditions greeted the 50 runners that participated in the Ben Kenneth Hill Race as well as the large crowd of spectators that turned out to watch the event. Tidal conditions made it more difficult for both the swimmers and non-swimmers with the high tide meaning a much longer run and swim having to be undertaken by all the competitors. The race was won by Craig Mattocks from Edinburgh in a time of 35 mins 52 secs, second in last year’s race, but nearly 4 minutes slower than his previous time due to the more difficult conditions. Second was local man Donald A MacLellan, home from his base in the south of England for the race in a time of 36.26 followed by fellow local Angus Campbell in 36.57. The first female home was Charlotte Wild in sixth position overall in 43.20 with local girl Lorna MacLeod second in 50.18. The Ben Kenneth Shield for the local winner was won by Donald A MacLellan with Craig Mattocks winning the Jim Cross Memorial Shield. This year’s race saw the usual selection of both locals and mainland competitors who make the annual pilgrimage to take part in the race some having run for the last 25 years which is an achievement in itself. Another pleasing aspect of the event is the increased number of female athletes who compete in the race with 12 participating this year as well as the number of young locals prepared to test themselves against the hill. This continued local support bodes well for the future of the event. The traditional prize giving took place took place at Lochboisdale Hotel later in the evening and at its conclusion a group of mainland competitors, taking part for the first time, gave “three cheers” for the best race in which they had ever competed. After the drama of last year when local man Stephen Scott was airlifted to hospital in Stornoway by the coastguard helicopter after injuring himself on the hill, he ran this year to raise money to purchase additional equipment for the local Coastguard team and at the last count he had raised quite a significant sum. Well done Stephen.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0565&RaceYear=2012)
