---
title: "Eildon 2 Hills Race, 23rd June"
date: 2012-06-27
excerpt: "_From Paul Morris_  After a lot of rain and low cloud during the week, conditions improved considerably for this years race. 86 runners set out around Gibson Park and along Melrose High Street led by eventual winner Paul Faulkner (Carnethy 31:09). There was a strong breeze on the higher ground, but it was on the runners backs helping them on the stiff main climb out of the town to the “Newstead Eildon”.  _Read on...._  '"
---

_From Paul Morris_

After a lot of rain and low cloud during the week, conditions improved considerably for this years race. 86 runners set out around Gibson Park and along Melrose High Street led by eventual winner Paul Faulkner (Carnethy 31:09). There was a strong breeze on the higher ground, but it was on the runners backs helping them on the stiff main climb out of the town to the “Newstead Eildon”.

Whilst Damon Rodwell (Border Search & Rescue 32:51) was able to hold 2nd place on the ascent, the 2009 champion could not match Brian Marshall’s (HELP 31:41) faster descending speed which saw him take second place overall and the trophy for 1st vet. Ronnie Gallagher (V50 Carnethy 33:05) was outside the top 10 going onto the open hill, but managed to finish 5th overall and 2nd vet just 7 secs behind Michael McGovern (Moorfoot 32:58).

Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy 35:38) was the clear winner of the ladies race, and finished 14th overall with Fiona Dalgleish (Gala 38:56) 2nd lady, and winner of the attractive V40 ladies trophy. A poor turnout of ladies meant that all but one of them won a prize – hopefully that will act as an incentive for next year!

Fergus Johnston was the first Gala Harrier home in 33:11, and Michael Haywood (unattached) won the first local prize in 34:57 in only his second ever hill race.

The rain before the event resulted in slippery conditions and several athletes returned having obviously had a fall. One runner required a general anaesthetic for surgery to a deep leg wound having decided to descend direct from the second summit across steep, heather covered rocky ground. He nonetheless finished the race before being driven to casualty!

Next years race may require a temporary traffic regulation order costing several hundred pounds to allow us to use the traditional start along Melrose High Street. The option of altering the race route to include all three Eildons to offset the required increase in entry fee in a “Buy two get one free” offer is being considered. Any views on this would be appreciated by the race organiser.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0065&RaceYear=2012) and [Pictures](http://www.flickr.com/x/t/0091009/photos/43153696%40N06/sets/72157630286482582/)
