---
title: "The Two Breweries - 22nd September"
date: 2012-09-24
excerpt: "_From Peter Baxter_  Another superb day in the Borders for the 29th running of the Two Breweries. A misty morning gave way to a glorious day on the hill for competitors and marshalls alike.  One of the best races we have ever organised, from the numerous marshalls on the hill, to Elsie and Barbel in the kitchen, the whole race went like clockwork. The same could be said for our winner Stuart Whitlie who finished strongly to come home first on his own this year, having shared he spoils with Mark Harris (2nd) last year. First lady was Jasmin Paris, with first V40/V50 being... you guessed it - that man Whitlie again. I really must look at his birth certificate!  _Read on for more..._  _  '  _"
---

_From Peter Baxter_

Another superb day in the Borders for the 29th running of the Two Breweries. A misty morning gave way to a glorious day on the hill for competitors and marshalls alike.

One of the best races we have ever organised, from the numerous marshalls on the hill, to Elsie and Barbel in the kitchen, the whole race went like clockwork. The same could be said for our winner Stuart Whitlie who finished strongly to come home first on his own this year, having shared he spoils with Mark Harris (2nd) last year. First lady was Jasmin Paris, with first V40/V50 being... you guessed it - that man Whitlie again. I really must look at his birth certificate!

Many thanks to the Moffat Mountain Rescue and all the marshalls who gave up their day to ensure runers safety on the hill. I'll be writing to SHR about the runner who caused a real problem to marshalls and MMR by running without a number, causing a safety count upset on the first few hills. Even he cannot detract from the excellent job by all to ensure we were aware of the odd retiral or temporary misplaced person.

Our thanks to the Landowners and of course the two breweries for the support we receive, and a special thank you to Rhonda at Broughton and friends for all the pre-race help and then spending the day handing out free beer to the runners.

Once again our sincere thanks to all for making this race so special. Role on the 30th anniversary next year.

Peter, Elsie and the TBHR Team.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0103&RaceYear=2012)
