---
title: "Bishop Hill Race, 4th March"
date: 2012-03-05
excerpt: "_From race organiser Richard Gatehouse_  Exactly 100 runners signed on for this year’s race. A cool, sunny day was interrupted by one snow shower which rather unhelpfully lasted about the length of the race! No one seemed to mind as they concentrated on the intense effort required to get up and down this sharp little hill. Spare a thought for Charlie and Finlay though, our summit marshals, who got a bit of a hammering!  read on....  '"
---

_From race organiser Richard Gatehouse_

Exactly 100 runners signed on for this year’s race. A cool, sunny day was interrupted by one snow shower which rather unhelpfully lasted about the length of the race! No one seemed to mind as they concentrated on the intense effort required to get up and down this sharp little hill. Spare a thought for Charlie and Finlay though, our summit marshals, who got a bit of a hammering!

Impressive junior Jamie Crowe (DHH) led all the way down the descent only to be pipped by winner Mark Harris (Fife AC) on the final plunge through the trees at the end. Graeme Campbell of Carnegie came in third. With team-mate Peter Simpson the first over 50 in 11th place and David Millar 13th , Carnegie were clear winners of the team prize. Andrew Schofield of Borrowdale Harriers took the over 40s prize in 6th place overall. Carnethy’s Bob Waterhouse was first over 60 and another Carnegie man, Bill Fairley, won the over 70 category.

Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) continued to show good form, winning the ladies race with a strong challenge from HBT’s Claire Gordon. Neah Evans of Shettleston was third. Lizzie Knox of Anster Harriers was first junior. For the veterans, Jacqui Higginbottom of Carnethy was leading over 40 and Phyllis O’Brien took the over 50 title.

In the junior half way race, Laura Nicol won in 16-02, followed by Carnegie youngsters Ailsa Bennet (18-19) and despite a hefty tumble on the steep grass, Struan Bennet in 20-11.

Many thanks to the makers of tea, coffee and soup and to the people who helped on the hill. Thanks again to the runners- great to see people from as far away as the Lake District, Cairngorms, western Perthshire and the like for such a short event.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0018&RaceYear=2012)
