---
title: "Simpson Triumphs At Home Internationals"
date: 2012-09-25
excerpt: "_From Hugh Buchanan_  The Junior and Senior Home International Hill Running Championships took place on Saturday 22 September near Penrith. The finishes for the courses were at Hartside Top at an elevation of 600m, with the start for the senior courses 10km distant in Melmerby. The junior courses had different starts in order to get the appropriate length and climb for each category.  _Read on for full report_  Full results are available '"
---

_From Hugh Buchanan_

The Junior and Senior Home International Hill Running Championships took place on Saturday 22 September near Penrith. The finishes for the courses were at Hartside Top at an elevation of 600m, with the start for the senior courses 10km distant in Melmerby. The junior courses had different starts in order to get the appropriate length and climb for each category.

The first race of the day was the under-16 girls over 4.3km with 310m climb, where Catriona Graves (Garscube) ran very strongly to take an individual bronze medal. The Scottish team was completed by Eilidh MacCorquodale (Central - 12th) and Kerry Sandliands (Gala - 14th), and was pipped by Ireland for 2nd team place behind England.

In the Under 16 boys, run over the same course as the under-16 girls, the team packed well to finish in 2nd place behind England, with individual results being Jacob Adkin (Moorfoot - 6th) Logan Rees (Fife - 8th), Callum Matthews (Kilbarchan - 12th) and Alasdair Coupar (Sutherland - 21st). The team includes young athletes with another year in this age group, so there's promise for the future.

The under-18 girls raced beside the under-16 boys and the Scots were led home by Halina Rees (Fife) who won a fantastic individual silver medal backed up by Oonagh Dunnett (Edinburgh - 10th), Louise Mercer (Teviotdale - 15th) and Emma Dunnett (Edinburgh - 16th) .

In the under-18 boys, Andrew Lawler (Law and District) continued his fine season with an individual bronze over the 6.3km, 435m climb course. The Scottish team was completed by Craig Campbell (Inverness - 11th), Jamie Crowe (Dundee - 12th) and Zach Delaney (Fife - 17th) .

Scotland's senior women were led home by Catriona Buchanan (Ochil) winning the under-23 category as she finished in 5th place overall behind a strong group of English athletes all with GB international vests this season, racing over 10km with 435m climb. The Scottish team packed well to win silver medals behind England, with the other runners being Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan - 9th), Scout Adkin (Moorfoot - 12th), Claire Gordon (HBT - 13th) and Sue Ridley (Edinburgh - 14th) .

The final race of the day was the senior men, where Robbie Simpson (Deeside) mastered the course to win by a clear margin. Murray Strain (HBT) was close behind in the leading group, finishing in 4th place, 30 seconds behind Simpson. He was followed over the line by a group of 4 English athletes, pushing Scotland's team back to silver medal position. The other Scottish runners were Peter Harrison (Border - 16th), James Waldie (Carnethy - 21st), Tom Smith (Lochaber - 26th) and Garry Rankin (Kilbarchan - 34th) .

Overall it was an excellent day's racing with 4 individual medals. Both senior teams had strong under-23 representation with 3 under-23 women (Buchanan, Rankin and Adkin) and 4 under-23 men (Simpson, Harrison, Waldie and Rankin) .

Full results are available [here](http://www.ukresults.net/2012/uphill.html )
