---
title: "Run-4-It Scottish Hill Running Champs after Glamaig"
date: 2012-07-26
excerpt: "Four races down and already three categories have a winner. However most categories are not likely to be decided until the last race, the Pentlands Skyline as there are lots of people who have only done 3 races...."
---

None of the decided categories are big surprises. Ros Evans (Westerlands) has won the Women's Over 60 with maximum points and the Carnethy Men's team has won both the Senior Men's team and the Veteran's team categories. It is only twice in the last 14 years that Carnethy hasn't won (or been 1st equal in) the men's team.

To the rest: Alasdair Anthony (Ochil) and Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) are leading the Senior Men's and Senior Women's resp. but both are very open and there will probably be some swapping of positions. Joe Symonds (HBT) is well positioned in the men's but needs to do both the remaining races to count. The women's favourite is Catriona Buchanan (Ochil) provided she can get round the Pentland Skyline.

Ros Evans is currently leading the Women's Over 40, Over 50 as well as Over 60 ! The Over 40s will probably be between Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) and Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy). The Over 50s looks like a battle between Cosmic teammates Anita Hamilton and Elaine Stewart, so perhaps some Froome/Wiggins type team tension in the Cosmic team !

Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) is firm favourite for the Over 50s and is currently leading the Over 40s, but that category is very open...other contenders include Brian Marshall, Kenny Richmond and Mark Harris. Provided he completes the series, Euan Paterson (Moray), will easily win the Over 60s.

Cosmics should get the Female Veterans team and HBT are looking good to win their first ever SHR team award in the Senior Womens.

The listings after Glamaig are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2012.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists for those interested in the stats).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
