---
title: "The Highland Boundary Hill Races 2012"
date: 2012-03-27
excerpt: "With Robbie Simpson running away from everyone Adrian Davis tells the full story  _The fourth running of the Highland Boundary fell and trail races proved most popular at the weekend with brilliant weather and 15c warmer than 2 years ago! 22 runners completed all three races...._  Results:  '"
---

_Race Organiser Adrian Davis writes_

The fourth running of the Highland Boundary fell and trail races proved most popular at the weekend with brilliant weather and 15c warmer than 2 years ago! 22 runners completed all three races so congratulations and hope the legs recover soon!

The first race on Friday night alongside the River Tay, a return route from Dunkeld bridge (next to the old gaol) to the fishing hut and back, was eventful as ever with the torches lighting up the night sky along the trail. The race over the 5km course saw Robbie Simpson in fine form after a series of recent road races, winning in a time of 16:17. He was followed home by Callum Gilhooley in 17:15 and Chris Hill 17:30 with first vet Adrian Davis in 17:44. They were pursued by Angela Mudge first lady in 18:42 who set off like a rocket followed by Morag McCracken 19:46 and Wendy Duigan 20:07. The Saturday race, Birnam Hill is a true steep climb through lovely birch then pine woodland before emerging above the trees onto Kings Seat. The fast descent is a good mixture of rocky knolls, steep grassy descents and trails with a rough wet rocky section to negotiate before the undulating finish to the Beatrix Potter garden. Once again Robbie dominated winning in a new record 28:14 well inside his old record set the previous year. Callum Gilhooley followed up his good first run with second here too in 30:17 with Stewart Whitlie escaping from child minding duties to finish 3rd and 1st vet 40. Sarah O’Neil from HBT surged past Angela Mudge a quarter of the way up and held on for a win in 33:06 ahead of Angela by 24 seconds with Morag McCracken in 3rd with 37:13. The crowds were out in the fine weather and a great thanks to the kitchen staff and marshalls especially Emma and the Nicols’ who completed the results and who helped make it such a memorable day.

The final race around Craig O Barns and then up and over Deuchary hill was in beautiful sunshine, with some lovely woody and grassy trails. The route was marked with red tape and most people seemed to find it this year although I noticed yet again some had been moved. Back to sawdust again next year!! The scenery looking north along the Tay to Ben Vrackie and beyond is stunning and it was so warm, 18c someone reported. Water was gratefully handed out by Des Crowe at the bridge crossroads. Once again Robbie smashed the record (by over 5 minutes) with an impressive 1:23:58 followed by Matt Sullivan 1:26:30 and Chris Hill 1:29:53. Mark Harris was first vet 40 in 1:30:21. Angela sealed the win in 1.36.02 and was in fine form all weekend. Claire Gordon joined her HBT team mates and was 2nd in 1:45:04 with Morag McCracken 3rd in 1:48:11. Thanks to Tilly Smith and Kate Friend at the finish, Derek and Deirdre, Angela and Laurie for the food and not to forget Louise and Jean for the wonderful cakes. The overall positions were obvious after day 2 with Robbie romping away to win the overall series followed by Callum Gilhooley with Angela Mudge 1st female followed by Morag McCracken. The local soup and food, marshalls and competitors made it a great few days and the beer on Sunday night made an enjoyable weekend for all. Any photos of the weekend would be appreciated!

Best wishes

Adrian Davis

Results:

[River Tay Dash](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2012) | [Birnham Hill Classic](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&RaceYear=2012) | [Deuchary Hill Canter](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2012)
