---
title: "Nebit Moonrace, 12 Dec 2012"
date: 2012-12-13
excerpt: "_From Dave Eiser_  HBT’s ‘Big D’ Fulton was first to the summit, but was overhauled by Fife’s Mark Harris on the descent. Mark won in 24:26, with David Fulton and Stephen Rawlinson (Lochtayside) crossing the line neck and neck after a sprint finish. Steve Fallon was 4th and first V50.  In the women’s race there was an emphatic win for Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) in 29:41, followed by Sarah Adam (Westies) and Catherine Matthews in third.  _Read on for full report..._  '"
---

_From Dave Eiser_

Orienteers have organised night events for many years, but the idea has never really caught-on among hill runners. The inspiration for the Nebit moonrace however did not come from orienteering, but from a trip to Courchevel, France, in August 2012. While there, we noticed that the local running club organised a series of ‘moontain’ races. These were organised to coincide with full moons during the summer months, normally starting at 9pm and using an uphill only, time-trial format.

We thought the idea of a night hill race in Scotland was great, although it was clear that, given the length of Scottish summer days, a true Scottish moonrace under cover of darkness would have to be run during winter if it was to have a sensible start/ finish time. So the idea of the nebit moonrace was born!

Initially of course, our plan was to coincide the race with a full moon. But we also wanted to have the race in the lead-up to Christmas so it could function as a bit of a festive get together for hillrunners; but not too close to Christmas in case everyone was busy shopping! And given these constraints, and the pub’s availability, the first nebit ‘moonrace’ ended up taking place on a night when there was no moon, an irony which many people have delighted in pointing out to me (in case you are wondering, the next full moon is 28 Dec) .

Anyway, onto the race. The route is a little toughie, climbing 400m in its 2k of ascent on a narrow, grassy trod, before crashing back down the same way. Conditions were pretty much ideal for the time of year, with a perfectly still and clear night revealing the starry sky in its moonless glory. Underfoot the ground was bone dry and ice free. 59 runners started (and finished), all wearing lots of layers except Brian Brennan, who dressed like he was running in a midsummer heatwave.

HBT’s ‘Big D’ Fulton was first to the summit, but was overhauled by Fife’s Mark Harris on the descent. Mark won in 24:26, with David Fulton and Stephen Rawlinson (Lochtayside) crossing the line neck and neck after a sprint finish. Steve Fallon was 4th and first V50.

In the women’s race there was an emphatic win for Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) in 29:41, followed by Sarah Adam (Westies) and Catherine Matthews in third.

Many thanks to all the marshals who turned out to help the race go smoothly. And thanks to all the runners who took part in our test event. Feedback was really positive so maybe we’ll do it again next year – and maybe we’ll manage to get the moon as well.

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0642&RaceYear=2012)
