---
title: "Durris Mast Hill Race, 17 May 2012"
date: 2012-05-23
excerpt: "Rob Brookes finished first this year just ahead of team mate and current record holder Simon Peachey. A good time considering the conditions; just over a minute slower than the record. First male vet in 5th place was Chris Tomlin followed closely by the first male super vet Alan Smith in 6th place with Bruce Manning as first M60. The first female was Veronique Oldham, with Liz Delaney second and Anita Hamilton third.  '"
---

_From Dennis McDonald_

60 runners turned out for the wettest Durris Mast race yet. There were streams running down some of the paths, and I can only guess how deep some of the boggy sections were this year. This is the first year we have seen snow in places, as reported by Anita and Colin when putting out the markers in the afternoon. I returned from marking the junior route to find the first competitor Davy Duncan having a power nap in the back of his car either that or he may have been rummaging around for his snorkel?

Rob Brookes finished first this year just ahead of team mate and current record holder Simon Peachey. A good time considering the conditions; just over a minute slower than the record. First male vet in 5th place was Chris Tomlin followed closely by the first male super vet Alan Smith in 6th place with Bruce Manning as first M60. The first female was Veronique Oldham, with Liz Delaney second and Anita Hamilton third.

Alexander Chepelin set a new record of 14:42 in the juniors race holding off last years winner Lachlan Kirk.

Many thanks go out to Fountains Forestry for use of the forest, Run 4 It for sponsorship and Andy Bain for removing the fallen tree near the finish. Also I’d like to thank all the marshals, sweepers, people who helped mark the course and Ewen for helping me with time keeping. Apologies for the late prize giving, but the delay was due to one runner who was unaccounted for at the end of the race. Somehow he had missed the finish and had headed home unbeknown to us. Luckily the runners address was within reasonably proximity to the race so the search was confined to driving to his address and finding him there safe and well.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0545&RaceYear=2012)
