---
title: "LOCHABER DINGHY 3 PEAKS RACE - Sunday 13th May 2012."
date: 2012-05-31
excerpt: "**Lochaber Yacht Club, Fort William.**  _From Jon Gay_  Thanks to the weather this year’s Lochaber Dinghy 3 Peaks Race turned out a little differently from planned.  The race on Sunday 13th May attracted entries from 40 competitors including 22 hill runners in 13 sailing dinghies, mainly Wayfarers. Competitors travelled from as far as Aberdeen, Glasgow and Edinburgh.  Owing to gale force winds the Race Officer was forced to cancel the sailing part of the race, preventing access to the west side of Loch Linnhe. A shortened hill race (approx 12.5km/ 430m ascent) took place over Drumarbin Hill and Cow Hill on the east side of the loch, starting and  finishing at Lochaber Yacht Club.  Read on.....  '"
---

**Lochaber Yacht Club, Fort William.**

_From Jon Gay_

Thanks to the weather this year’s Lochaber Dinghy 3 Peaks Race turned out a little differently from planned.

The race on Sunday 13th May attracted entries from 40 competitors including 22 hill runners in 13 sailing dinghies, mainly Wayfarers. Competitors travelled from as far as Aberdeen, Glasgow and Edinburgh.

Owing to gale force winds the Race Officer was forced to cancel the sailing part of the race, preventing access to the west side of Loch Linnhe. A shortened hill race (approx 12.5km/ 430m ascent) took place over Drumarbin Hill and Cow Hill on the east side of the loch, starting and

finishing at Lochaber Yacht Club.

Conditions were atrocious with 30 knot winds and torrential rain. However this did not prevent 7 runners and around 25 supporters from having an enjoyable, if rather damp afternoon. All competitors completed the course and everyone enjoyed a warm up in front of the log fire followed by an excellent lunch.

Davy Rogers of Lochaber Athletic Club was the first man home in a time of 1 hour 3 minutes and 2 seconds. Louise Provan of Hunters Bog Trotters finished the course in a time of 1 hour 27 minutes and 56 seconds.

Thanks to the many supporters including Highland Council, Polaroid Eyewear, Letterfinlay Foods, landowners, marshals and all helpers.

It is intended to arrange an evening event taking in two hills and a shorter sailing course, for June 2012. Watch the [Lochaber Yacht Club website](www.lochaber-yacht-club.co.uk )

Next year’s race (10km/ 1000m climb) will again be held in May and we hope to see even more runners and sailors- in better weather!

Further information: Jon Gay 07588531399. jongayarchitect@googlemail.com

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=13.05.12. Lochaber Dinghy 3 Peaks. Results..pdf)
