---
title: "Dan Gay overcomes challenging conditions at Lairig Ghru"
date: 2012-06-29
excerpt: "_From David Sullivan_  The continued run of bad weather made conditions extremely challenging at the 2012 Lairig Ghru Race. Competitors were faced with a strong headwind, poor visibility, heavy rain and the Luibeg Burn in spate.  In the men’s race, Dan Gay (HBT) and Matt Sullivan (Shettleston) fought it out throughout the race, with Dan proving too strong in the latter stages and winning in a time of 3-12-05, a terrific performance in the conditions. Matt was second in 3-13-04 and Andy Fallas (Carnethy) was third in 3-24-18.  _Read on...._  '"
---

_From David Sullivan_

The continued run of bad weather made conditions extremely challenging at the 2012 Lairig Ghru Race. Competitors were faced with a strong headwind, poor visibility, heavy rain and the Luibeg Burn in spate.

In the men’s race, Dan Gay (HBT) and Matt Sullivan (Shettleston) fought it out throughout the race, with Dan proving too strong in the latter stages and winning in a time of 3-12-05, a terrific performance in the conditions. Matt was second in 3-13-04 and Andy Fallas (Carnethy) was third in 3-24-18.

In a similar vein, the ladies race was contested at the front by two HBT runners, Sula Gay and Morag McCracken, Morag finally pulling away to win in 4-05-03. Sula was second in 4-06-21 with Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) third in 4-20-46.

Carnethy won the team prize for men with HBT rounding off a great afternoon by winning the ladies team prize.

132 runners left Braemar and 130 made it to Aviemore and a well deserved feed at the excellent Mountain Café. The last runners arrived in just over 6 hours 40 minutes. A tremendous effort by all in difficult conditions. Well done!

Finally, thanks to the Cairngorm Mountain Rescue Team who, as always, supported the race from the top of the Lairig, this year in appalling weather. As usual a significant proportion of the race fees and all the donations received on the day will go to support the work of the team.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0067&RaceYear=2012)
