---
title: "SLIOCH HORSESHOE 2012"
date: 2012-06-06
excerpt: "Records galore in perfect conditions!  After the elements last year being tricky to say the least, the race this year was the complete opposite with conditions as perfect as they ever could be - very dry underfoot, not too hot with some cloud cover and a cooling breeze on the top. Route choice from the last summit and exceptional descending skills (as witnessed by our summit marshall Russell) from Finlay Wild, won the race in a blistering time of 1.54.17 which knocked nearly 14 minutes of the record! Joe Symonds also managed to beat the fabled 2 hours barrier and the first 5 runners were impressively, all under the old record.  '"
---

Records galore in perfect conditions!

After the elements last year being tricky to say the least, the race this year was the complete opposite with conditions as perfect as they ever could be - very dry underfoot, not too hot with some cloud cover and a cooling breeze on the top. Route choice from the last summit and exceptional descending skills (as witnessed by our summit marshall Russell) from Finlay Wild, won the race in a blistering time of 1.54.17 which knocked nearly 14 minutes of the record! Joe Symonds also managed to beat the fabled 2 hours barrier and the first 5 runners were impressively, all under the old record.

Congratulations to Ali Welsh from Bowland Fell Runners who completed his last munro during the race and was supported by Angela Mudge who still dipped under the womens record in 2.28.11. Eilidh Wardlaw also had a great run to finish 2nd in 2.35.58

Other record categories broken included Brian Marshall mv40 in 3rd place with a time of 2.06.55, breaking his old overall record in the process and just ahead of 4th placed Stewart Whitlie mv50 in 2.07.04. Pauline Symonds also took around 5 minutes of the fv50 record in 3.15.52.

Many thanks to all the helpers on the day which included registration assistance, hill marshalls, gate opener, a sweeper, timekeepers, number spotter at the finish armed with binoculars and the village hall committee for use of the hall and excellent spread of food. Thank you also to ‘Run 4 It’ for donating vouchers and spot prizes and ‘Cockburn Butchers’, Dingwall for their world renowned Haggis and Black pudding prizes.

Finally thank you to Letterewe and Heights of Kinlochewe Estates for their permission and continued support of the race.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0560&RaceYear=2012)
