---
title: "Run-4-it Scottish Hill Running Champs after Creag Dhubh"
date: 2012-08-17
excerpt: "Only one race to go now in the Scottish Hill Running Championships, so as you'd expect many categories have been decided (at least for the first spot). There are still relatively few people who have earned an SHR mug by completing four races, but that is partly because Arrochar has been the only long race so far and I expect many people are waiting for the slightly easier Pentland Skyline race...."
---

Alasdair Anthony (Ochil) has been at the front end of Scottish races for many years but has never been placed in the championship. However this year only a complete disaster in the Pentlands will stop him becoming champion. Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) is leading the Senior Women's and could hang on, although that depends on Catriona Buchanan (Ochil) similarly having a disaster in the Pentands.

Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) is looking good for a hat-trick of titles in the Over 40 Women, but could be stopped by Jacqui Higginbottom winning at the Pentlands. For the men, Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) needs a win to take the championship from Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy), though others could also equal Stewart's points.

Anita Hamilton (Cosmic) and Stewart Whitlie have won the Women's and Men's Over 50 championship resp. , while Ros Evans (Westerlands) and Ewan Patterson (Moray) have won the Over 60s. There is quite a competition for the minor placings in the Men's Over 60s, with Gordon Watson (Dundee) favourite for 2nd, provided he runs in the Pentlands. John Blair-Fish (Carnethy), Bob Waterhouse (Carnethy) and Ray Murdoch (Lochaber) are also fighting for the places.

James Waldie (Carnethy) and Catriona Buchanan have both retained their Under 23 titles.

Carnethy have won both Male team categories and Cosmic have become the Over 40 Female team champions. However the Women's Senior team is still up for grabs. If HBT turn out at the Pentlands, a local race for them, they should easily win it.

The listings after Creag Dhubh are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Scottish Hill Running Champs 2012.xls) (or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists for those interested in the stats).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
