---
title: "Bennachie Hill Race, 07 Oct 2012"
date: 2012-10-08
excerpt: "_From Craig Kelly_  A total of 163 runners basked in the sunshine of a perfect autumn day for the 23rd running of the annual Bennachie Hill Race.  Recent good weather meant that conditions underfoot were excellent, making for a fast course.  The leading runners changed positions a number of times over the 8.3 mile route, with Alasdair McLeod (unattached) eventually finishing as first male, in 56:54 less than a minute up on Felix Spitzl (Grampian Orienteers) in 57:28, with local runner Rob Brookes of the Cosmic Hillbashers claiming the 3rd spot in 58:26.  _Read on for more..._  '"
---

_From Craig Kelly_

A total of 163 runners basked in the sunshine of a perfect autumn day for the 23rd running of the annual Bennachie Hill Race.

Recent good weather meant that conditions underfoot were excellent, making for a fast course.

The leading runners changed positions a number of times over the 8.3 mile route, with Alasdair McLeod (unattached) eventually finishing as first male, in 56:54 less than a minute up on Felix Spitzl (Grampian Orienteers) in 57:28, with local runner Rob Brookes of the Cosmic Hillbashers claiming the 3rd spot in 58:26.

First Lady was Josephine Anselin (Oxford Uni Cross Country Club), finishing in an excellent time of 1:08:55. In 2nd place was Veronique Oldham (Cosmic Hillbashers) in 1:11:17 and also first Vet Female. Ruth McKenzie of Deeside Runners finished as 3rd lady in 1:12:19.

In the Junior Hill Race, Alexander Chepelin (Cosmic Hillbashers) finished as first boy over the 5 km course, finishing in 19:58, with Eve Sealy (Banchory Stonehaven AC) as first girl in 26:26.

In the team competition, Cosmic Hillbashers claimed the first prize in both the male and female competitions, with Deeside Runners the first mixed team.

The Bennachie Hill Race also makes up the 3rd race in the three event 'Aberdeenshire Hill Race Series', also comprising Morven and Cairn William hill races. Chris Tomlin of Cosmic Hillbashers reclaimed his title from last year, with Ruth McKenzie (Deeside Runners) finishing overall as first lady.

Garioch Roadrunners would like to thank the the race marshals and all those who helped on the day, to ensure a successful event and a race which was enjoyable for the runners. Thanks are also extended to race sponsors, Run4It, who kindly provided the category prizes.

Photos of the race to follow on the Garioch Roadrunners website in the next few days.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0105&RaceYear=2012) | [Junior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0552&RaceYear=2012)
