---
title: "Andy Fallas wins the Red Moss Revolution"
date: 2012-06-23
excerpt: "_From Jamie Thin_  Red Moss was the 6th race in the Bog and Burn hill race series, and the bog at Green Cleuch didn't disappoint after all the rain recently.  John Stevenson (Ochil) is leading the Bog and Burn race series and he set the early pace up the ..avenue of trees.. locally known as the 'agony of trees ' as the slope keeps steepening.. so it was a group of 3 Ochil runners who were leading up the road , then as the going got tougher some local competition appeared from Andy Fallas of Carnethy and Donald Naylor of HBT. After the fast climb up Hare hill , descent to Green cleuch , and then more fast running round the reservoir, it was Andy Fallas who came home first in 35:56 followed by Donald Naylor in 36:16 and Ochils Al Anthony in 37:33.  '"
---

_From Jamie Thin_

Red Moss was the 6th race in the Bog and Burn hill race series, and the bog at Green Cleuch didn't disappoint after all the rain recently.

John Stevenson (Ochil) is leading the Bog and Burn race series and he set the early pace up the ..avenue of trees.. locally known as the 'agony of trees ' as the slope keeps steepening.. so it was a group of 3 Ochil runners who were leading up the road , then as the going got tougher some local competition appeared from Andy Fallas of Carnethy and Donald Naylor of HBT. After the fast climb up Hare hill , descent to Green cleuch , and then more fast running round the reservoir, it was Andy Fallas who came home first in 35:56 followed by Donald Naylor in 36:16 and Ochils Al Anthony in 37:33.

Rowena Bell-Scott (HBT) won the ladies race in 41:44 , with Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) 2nd and Morag McCracken (HBT) 3rd - making it a 1,2,3 for the Trottettes. Pinot Grigio all round. Donald and Al had both cycled to the start so got free race entries, as did any other runner who cycled to the start - this was in an effort to reduce the car parking problems of previous years - that worked well - so thanks to everyone who cycled, got the bus or car-shared! (and to James and Niamh Jarvis who turned up on their tandem!)

Donald Naylor was first V40, John Stevenson was first V50 - other prize-winners will follow in the results. The 3 runners from the Netherlands who did the 7 hills on Sunday , got a beer each for risking more scottish hills - and the weather was kinder than Sunday and the rain held off.

Thanks also to the Pentland Hills landowners, and the race marshalls on the hill - Maggie on Hare Hill, Carrie at Green Cleuch, Alan at the dam and Eilis and James for running round at the back and picking up the fallen and walking wounded. (a few runners turned their ankles on the steep descent to Green Cleuch). The other main race hazard were the midgies - the favourite wee beasties for any hill race organiser !- thanks to Sinead, Oonagh, Niamh and Will M. for braving the midgies to help at registration and at the finish.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0501&RaceYear=2012)
