---
title: "Ben Venue Hill Race"
date: 2012-10-08
excerpt: "Tom Owens (Shettleston) led the 101 runners home, holding off local boy Prasad Prasad (Squadra Porcini) with a strong downhill run to win the race in a time of 1:15:19. Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) gave chase to finish 3rd, and clear Vet winner.  _Read on for report from Andy Birnie_  '"
---

This race is 4 years old now, and has seen some horrendous weather over its short lifetime, but today's racing was enjoyed in beautiful sunshine & blue skies. And the weather brought out a high quality field, though I'm not sure how many of the top runners stopped to enjoy the fantastic views from this wee gem of a mountain. Tom Owens (Shettleston) led the 101 runners home, holding off local boy Prasad Prasad (Squadra Porcini) with a strong downhill run to win the race in a time of 1:15:19. Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) gave chase to finish 3rd, and clear Vet winner.

The ladies race saw the return to form of Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy) holding off Neah Evans (Shettleston) & Bella runner Romy Beard. Leading Vet Margo James (Troon Tortoises) wasn't far behind.

The race was in severe doubt in the week leading up to Saturday, firstly with forest harvesting work then closure of the waterlogged diversion path, so many thanks to the Forestry Commission for their flexibility in helping us finding a safe route onto the open hill. But nobody prepared us for the irate neighbouring landowner chasing his runaway wild boars & threatening to shoot lost runners! Fortunately no-one meandered onto his land, so 101 runners returned safely to base, most with stories to tell, and to enjoy a wee picnic in the sunshine.

Team prizes were carried off by Shettleston (Tom, Kenny & Matt Sullivan) and home club Bellahouston Road Runners (Romy Beard, Lynsey Munro & Sandy Brindley) .

The race raised £600 for the Lomond Mountain Rescue team, so on their behalf, many thanks for your support. See you all next year, and who knows what the weather will bring then!

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Ben_venue_2012_Results.pdf)
