---
title: "Great results for Scots at European Trial races"
date: 2012-06-06
excerpt: "_From Hugh Buchanan_  The selection trials for the UK teams for the European Mountain Running championships were held on Saturday 3 June on Winder Hill by Sedbergh in Cumbria, with some notable successes for Scottish athletes.  Robbie Simpson (Deeside) ran a superb race to win the men's competition over 11.4km with 705m of climb, thereby guaranteeing one of the 2 mandatory selection places for the 4-man team. After the first of the 3 laps, Simpson was in 10th place, but as each lap progressed he worked his way through the field, finally overtaking Steve Vernon (Stockport) with about 800m to go. Afterwards he said 'I was going as fast as I could on the first lap, but everyone seemed to come back to me as the race went on.'  Read on...."
---

_From Hugh Buchanan_

The selection trials for the UK teams for the European Mountain Running championships were held on Saturday 3 June on Winder Hill by Sedbergh in Cumbria, with some notable successes for Scottish athletes.

Robbie Simpson (Deeside) ran a superb race to win the men's competition over 11.4km with 705m of climb, thereby guaranteeing one of the 2 mandatory selection places for the 4-man team. After the first of the 3 laps, Simpson was in 10th place, but as each lap progressed he worked his way through the field, finally overtaking Steve Vernon (Stockport) with about 800m to go. Afterwards he said "I was going as fast as I could on the first lap, but everyone seemed to come back to me as the race went on."

Earlier in the day, Sarah O'Neil's breakthrough season continued when she came home in fourth place in the senior women's race over 7.6km with 470m of climb. Only the first 2 places give mandatory selection for that 4-woman team, and so the HBT athlete will have to await the selectors' decision. Catriona Buchanan (Ochils) was one place further back, and Christina Rankin (Kilbarchan) finished strongly further down the field.

In the junior men's (under-20) race, Anglo-Scot Peter Harrison (Border Harriers) showed a welcome return to form with his second place finish after being out of competition last year with an achilles injury. That result should give him his first GB vest on the hills. Andrew Lawler (Law and District) came home in fifth place in his first attempt at GB selection. In the junior women's race, Scout Adkin (Moorfoot) was unable to recapture her best form of last season, having to settle for fifth place, and Louise Mercer (Teviotdale) ran well in an age group where she will be again in future years: Lawler and Mercer both run for Scotland in the under-18 International Youth Cup in Ireland on 24 June..

The European Championships take place on 7 July in Turkey over courses of similar length and climb to the trials. Good luck to the Scots selected for the teams!
