---
title: "Harris Mountain Festival Hill Race, Reinigeadal, 15 Sep 2012"
date: 2012-09-18
excerpt: "_From Stuart Simpson_  19 turned out to make the first Harris Mountain Festival Hill Race at Rhenigidale a big success. A brisk pace was set by the Organiser, before being passed by 18 year old Cumbrian cyclist, Charles Knoery at the 5 min mark, with Charles maintaining a one minute lead at the summit of the first 900ft climb all the way out to the village, then adding another minute on the final 900ft climb, killing off any of the organizers delusions about gubbing him on the final descent. First lady Abi Van Heerver with the vet 50 prize going to Niel MacRury of Stornoway R.A.C. in a hotly contested battle with his old friend /rival ‘Bomber’ Mackay.  _Read on for more...._  '"
---

_From Stuart Simpson_

19 turned out to make the first Harris Mountain Festival Hill Race at Rhenigidale a big success. A brisk pace was set by the Organiser, before being passed by 18 year old Cumbrian cyclist, Charles Knoery at the 5 min mark, with Charles maintaining a one minute lead at the summit of the first 900ft climb all the way out to the village, then adding another minute on the final 900ft climb, killing off any of the organizers delusions about gubbing him on the final descent. First lady Abi Van Heerver with the vet 50 prize going to Niel MacRury of Stornoway R.A.C. in a hotly contested battle with his old friend /rival ‘Bomber’ Mackay. Strong performances from some local runners with John Coghill of Tarbert coming home in third and a respectful 92.59 for Scalpay runner Donald Morrison. There are rumours that some local 17 year old ran the course in 74 mins, but I’ll believe that when I see it. A big thanks to Hebrides Search and Rescue and Calum, Chrissie, Matt and Robin of the North Harris Trust for helping out with getting this one going. Last of all a special mention for Harris’s 70 something marathon runner Ethel for her 3 hour stint at the top of the track, no race in this part of the world is complete without her. Now then, I think it’s about time someone came up with a race to rival Glamaig for stupidity and Hebrides Search and Rescue seam quite keen on helping out with that idea.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0638&RaceYear=2012)
