---
title: "Meall nan Tarmachan - Victory for Gorman"
date: 2013-10-15
excerpt: "An absolutely fantastic race, the weather was perfect, the race was incredibly well marshalled and organised with tea, coffee and scones available at race registration before the race. Up at the sharp end, Manny Gorman of Westies reached the summit of the Munro in 4th place behind Angela Mudge and John Hammond of Carnethy, and Alan Smith of Deeside, and was still lying in 4th position as they turned off the ridge.  '"
---

An absolutely fantastic race, the weather was perfect, the race was incredibly well marshalled and organised with tea, coffee and scones available at race registration before the race. Up at the sharp end, Manny Gorman of Westies reached the summit of the Munro in 4th place behind Angela Mudge and John Hammond of Carnethy, and Alan Smith of Deeside, and was still lying in 4th position as they turned off the ridge. All changed on the long grassy descent and by the time they got to the track Manny was in 2nd place not far behind Alan and manage to overhaul him on the final 3km of track for a cracking victory. Manny's time was 53:24 with Alan and John coming in close together and not far behind under 54 minutes. Angela was 4th overall and First Lady in a time of 55:04.

Afterwards, back at Killin race registration there were several choices of soup, sandwiches galore and cakes aplenty all free as part of the race entry which went straight to several charities including Cancer Research. Additionally everybody got a goodie bag and there was a huge number of prizes including 7 or 8 spot prizes. I cannot praise this race highly enough, it's definitely one of the best races in the calendar which you really must try......and next year it's an SHR championship race.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0597&RaceYear=2013)
