---
title: "British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships and Junior Home International - Aberfoyle, 21 September 2013"
date: 2013-09-23
excerpt: "_From Hugh Buchanan_  Scotland hosted the British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships and Junior Home International at Aberfoyle on Saturday 21 September. It was a day when England dominated, with Scotland and Wales having a close fought tussle for the other medals. Ireland were unable to recapture their form of recent years, and various runners who had missed selection for teams confounded the selectors in the open races. The weather was warm but damp on the day, and for 24 hours beforehand, making the courses tricky underfoot.  _Read on for full report, results and pictures_"
---

_From Hugh Buchanan_

Scotland hosted the British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships and Junior Home International at Aberfoyle on Saturday 21 September. It was a day when England dominated, with Scotland and Wales having a close fought tussle for the other medals. Ireland were unable to recapture their form of recent years, and various runners who had missed selection for teams confounded the selectors in the open races. The weather was warm but damp on the day, and for 24 hours beforehand, making the courses tricky underfoot.

The Championship is contested between Under 16 and Under 19 male and female teams, with open Under 14 and Senior races to complete the programme.

In the Under 16 Girls race (3.8km, 225m climb), Catriona Gordon led the Scots home in 9th place, followed by Jennifer Ricketts , Ailsa Cruickshanks and Lucy McLeod. Elizabeth Greenwood of England led the field home, and with their 3 counting finishers in the first 5, England took the team gold, followed by Wales, with Scotland taking the bronze.

The Under 16 Boys raced next over 4.9km with 275m climb. Logan Rees ran an excellent race to finish 4th, with Craig Jardine in 5th after an exciting sprint finish with Lewis Byram of England. Ciaran Lewis of Wales took the individual gold, in another exciting sprint finish from Jack Willis of England. Scotland's team of Rees, Jardine, Thomas Otton and Alexander Chepelin took silver behind England, with Wales taking bronze.

The Under 19 Girls race (4.9km, 275m climb) provided one of the intriguing contests of the day, with Catriona Graves (Scotland) and Annabel Mason (England) of GB's 2013 world junior gold medal team going head-to-head alongside 2011 and 2012 winner Ffion Price (Wales). On the day, Mason celebrated her 17th birthday by prevailing decisively, with Price and Graves taking the other medals in that order. Scotland's team was completed by Emma Dunnett, Louise Mercer and Oonagh Dunnett and took team silver narrowly from Wales.

The final race was the Under 19 Boys where England showed their strength in depth, with only second-placed Nathan Jones (Wales) preventing an English clean sweep. Chris Galloway led the Scots home in 9th place, supported by Ross Campbell (11th), Andrew Lawler (12th) and Jacob Adkin (14th). The Scots took bronze team medals behind England and Wales.

In the overall team competition, England were strong winners. Wales and Scotland each had 2 team silver and 2 team bronze, but Wales had the edge since the aggregate score of their individual runners was better than Scotland's.

Full results are available [here](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=JHI_2013_results_all.pdf) .Ireland have offered to host next year's event in the Wicklow Mountains, south of Dublin, and British Athletics are expected to accept that offer.

Photographs from the event are [here](https://picasaweb.google.com/110439573756197443848/JuniorHomeInternational12013) and [here](https://picasaweb.google.com/110439573756197443848/JuniorHomeInternational22013)
