---
title: "Maddy Moss Hill Race, 10 Jul 2013"
date: 2013-07-11
excerpt: "'  Please read on for a full and frank race report from organiser Ron Martin"
---

Race report by organiser Ron Martin

With heavy rains cancelling many 2012 races, from an organiser’s point of view, a forecast of clear warm weather in the summer of 2013 brings with it much relief and should mean the prospect of a relatively relaxing and trouble free evening. For this organiser, the prospect of perfect summer weather turned Maddy Moss 2013 in to a nightmare.

I ask myself at what point do experienced hill runners turn up to a 10k event that involves covering three hills over 2000’, without body cover and emergency equipment? At what point does experienced hill runners believe they’re infallible to accident and injury? At which point do experienced hill runners believe the default for the term “at the organisers discretion” is no body cover? As race organiser I can take your safety so far but as a runner I ask you this: 1. What advantage do you gain by not carrying safety kit? 2. If that advantage is running faster, do you consider yourself having cheated those who do carry their safety kit?

There are several issues I want to address with SHR, but in the meantime I wish to express my disappointment at those who clearly ignore what race organisers tell them. We spend much time and effort looking after your safety, then to see so many people simply dismissing that is sole destroying. Apart from placing your own life at risk, you place your potential rescuers lives at risk and in my mind, that’s unacceptable.

My gut reaction was to DNF those who crossed the finish line without kit, but in practice that’s easier said than done. After much deliberation I’ve decided the least unfair option is to submit to SHR the list of finishers as they finished. My apologies therefore go the majority of runners who played by the rules. The list of finishers did not relate to the list of prize winners.

How do we prevent this situation from happening again? Good question and if anyone has an easy answer please contact me. Perhaps as runners we all need to be more alert to this problem. If you see a fellow runner at any point in the race who is not carrying his or her kit, inform them or report it to the nearest marshal.

Any further comments to the above please don’t hesitate to email me: contact.ron@virgin.net

Finally thanks to all the marshals and runners who turned out to make this event happen.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0080&RaceYear=2013) now available
