---
title: "Meall a'Bhuachaille, 26 Oct 2013"
date: 2013-10-29
excerpt: "It was thought that the time set by Joe Symonds last year would stand the test of time, how wrong we were after the HBT invasion force arrived. Orlando Edwards knocked 21 seconds off the record finishing in 1:02:24 and it was his first time round the route. Tessa Hill finished in 1:14:12 to win the womens race and beat the course record by 2min 27secs....  '"
---

It was thought that the time set by Joe Symonds last year would stand the test of time, how wrong we were after the HBT invasion force arrived. Orlando Edwards knocked 21 seconds off the record finishing in 1:02:24 and it was his first time round the route. Chasing hard in second was Ross Campbell but a fall on the decent from Mab took the wind out and Ross finished in 1:05:48 next was Donald Naylor in 1:06:13. Tessa Hill finished in 1:14:12 to win the womens race and beat the course record by 2min 27secs. Claire Gordon was second 1:17:40 and Morag McCracken third in 1:17:53.  
HBT won the male and female team race and added more wine to their already overflowing buckets.  
One runner had a heavy fall high on the hill which required a bit of sewing and I must thank David Gallie and Stewart Wilson for assisting him down the hill and putting on his body cover without which the situation could have been worse. Thanks to every one who helped on the hill , finish, results you did a great job. Next years race is on the 25th Oct, maybe a Mr smith will make an appearance in his own back yard.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0594&RaceYear=2013)

Junior Race results:  
FinishPosition Surname Firstname Club RunnerCategory FinishTime  
1 Mon-Williams Ruarioh Ilkley Jnr 00:22:38  
2 Keith Rachel Inverness Har Jnr 00:23:25  
3 Keith Megan HBT Jnr 00:23:49  
4 Wright Angus hbt Jnr 00:24:45  
5 Farquharson David HBT Jnr 00:25:12  
6 Blackwood Jenny U/A Jnr 00:25:22  
7 Nicoll laura Tayside O Jnr 00:25:59  
8 Steele Josie Inverness Har Jnr 00:27:27  
9 crawford Angus Dalrymple Jnr 00:29:07  
10 Higginbottom katharine U/A Jnr 00:37:27  
11 Higginbottom Joseph U/A Jnr 00:43:25  
12 Farquharson Cara HBT Jnr 00:56:21
