---
title: "The Law Breaker"
date: 2013-06-27
excerpt: "A warm evening with just enough of a breeze to keep the majority of midges at bay greeted the 74 runners for the 2013 edition of the Law Breaker. Leading from start to finish this year was Iain Stewart (Westerlands), who held on narrowly for the win, despite a speedy descent by a gaining Brian Marshall (HELP). In the females category Westerlands again proved dominant with Val Houston taking a clear win by nearly four minutes from Lina Mardall (Deeside Runners)....  '"
---

A warm evening with just enough of a breeze to keep the majority of midges at bay greeted the 74 runners for the 2013 edition of the Law Breaker. Sticking with the now established ‘new’ route, due to the ongoing closure of the Tillicoultry Glen path, competitors get little respite almost from the off, with an average gradient of 1:4 for the 2.7km to the summit of The Law. This is what hill racing is about! Leading from start to finish this year was Iain Stewart (Westerlands), who held on narrowly for the win, despite a speedy descent by a gaining Brian Marshall (HELP). Bob Wiseman (Ochil HR) was however one of the casualties of this after having reached the half way turn in second, but nevertheless still getting a strong third place finish. In the females category Westerlands again proved dominant with Val Houston taking a clear win by nearly four minutes from Lina Mardall (Deeside Runners). Coming in just after in third was Sarah Adam from Westerlands again. In fact Westerlands were out in force this year with 16 runners in total, more than double Carnethy HR who were the next best represented with seven members in attendance. In the other categories, first M40 went to Mark Harris (Fife AC), first M50 to the ubiquitous Alan Smith (Deeside Runners), and first M60 to Murdo MacLeod (Westerlands). For the ladies Karen Kealy (Ochil HR) took first F40 honours, while Joan Wilson (Carnethy HR) was first F50. Finally, a big thank you to all marshalls for their assistance, and to Mark Johnstone from Sweatshop for his usual generosity.

Andrew Wright

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0569&RaceYear=2013)
