---
title: "Two Breweries has an Indian summer - both Weather and the Winner!"
date: 2013-09-30
excerpt: "Read on for full race report from Peter Baxter  '"
---

_From Peter Baxter_

What a scorcher - No-one would have thought we would have a baking hot day with a tail wind to boot. For once the Marshals and Moffat Mountain Rescue could enjoy the hills with little to do in the way of lost or injured runners... thanks folks, just knowing you are there eases the organisers fevered brow! Many thanks to the landowners, especially Gordon Renwick for help in getting a route round the new deer fence.

We had 145 starters and 131 finishers with the weather taking its toll by Glenrath, with a few folk having to stop due to timeout. This did mean for once Stobo marshals were not faced with timing out very tired and sometimes emotional, runners. Sorry about the bulls after Stobo, but I wasn't going to move them!

The second Indian Summer appears to be happening for Colin Donnelly... first overall, first V40 and first V50 - they don't come much better than that! Angela Mudge almost emulated it with 11th overall, first Lady and First V40. Congratulations to both. Well done to Tom Bowie as first V60 and Christine Menhennet as first Lady V50. A special thanks to Cali for her run in support of Elsie and the donation to MacMillan Cancer Support. First Ladies and Men's teams were Carnethy.

Yet another excellent race with superb support from all. Special mentions for Carl and his team in the Kitchen and Vikki and James of Seriously Good Venison who did the BBQ.

Can I ask you all a favour for next year please? **Get your entry in early!** It is disappointing for runners who have to be turned away and who probably run anyway, causing us safety concerns. We hate to turn people away, but I had to redo the race and safety paperwork four times, before I finally had to say enough was enough and start turning people away... it is so needless as entries were available for months. We are hoping next year to get this message across early and often as we will need to be stricter on the closing date in 2014. We have a superb group of people who put in a lot of time and effort for you, without any reward except a soup and a beer. Please spare a thought for them and do the right thing.

Our thanks to you all and lots of love to Elsie - the real race organiser :-)

Peter and Elsie Baxter and a host of other wonderful people

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0103&RaceYear=2013)
