---
title: "Mountain Rescue Cover at Hill Races"
date: 2013-07-27
excerpt: "As some of you will know there was a problem with mountain rescue (MR) cover for the Glen Rosa Horseshoe race leading to cancellation of the race and there have been similar problems at other hill races. Read on for further explanation on the current situation ...."
---

Mountain Rescue Cover at Hill Races

As some of you will know there was a problem with mountain rescue (MR) cover for the Glen Rosa Horseshoe race leading to cancellation of the race and there have been similar problems at other hill races. This was due to changes in the way that the new Police Scotland body’s insurance policy is handled; MR teams covered for personal injury by this policy will no longer be covered for helping out at hill races, or for certain other events, as this will no longer be considered as training.

However, the Mountain Rescue Committee of Scotland (MRCoS) has taken steps to remedy the problem along with the Scottish Government by investigating the possibility of taking out a new policy covering all MR teams under their own insurance. The new policy should allow MR teams to once again be involved in fund raising for themselves and to provide cover at hill and mountain events, including races. It is hoped that this new policy will be in place by September 2013.

It should be noted that some MR teams have their own individual policies not requiring use of the police policy. Therefore, until the new MRCoS policy is active race organisers who normally have MR cover should liaise with their local MR team and find out what the situation is. It should be pointed out that only public liability insurance is available via SHR (or SAL), therefore MRT members would be helping at their own risk, as all other race helpers, marshals and competitors do.

Please also note, if there was an incident at an event requiring MR call-out then this will still happen.

Ronnie Gallagher
