---
title: "Stuc a' Chroin"
date: 2013-05-06
excerpt: "‘Usually blessed with good weather’ is how the web site puts it. Not today. Today the weather got as bad as it’s ever got since its inception in 1988. It was a good start to the day, record numbers for a non-British Championship race, 206 runners, no wind and sunny. By the time kick off time arrived, it was cloudy, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary. By the time 15:30 arrived, the elements had closed in; near zero temperatures, gale force winds, heavy rain/sleet. 2 runners and a marshal taken off the hill near Stuc a’ Chroin summit and several runners suffering from varying degrees of exposure...  '"
---

‘Usually blessed with good weather’ is how the web site puts it. Not today. Today the weather got as bad as it’s ever got since its inception in 1988. It was a good start to the day, record numbers for a non-British Championship race, 206 runners, no wind and sunny. By the time kick off time arrived, it was cloudy, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary. By the time 15:30 arrived, the elements had closed in; near zero temperatures, gale force winds, heavy rain/sleet. 2 runners and a marshal taken off the hill near Stuc a’ Chroin summit and several runners suffering from varying degrees of exposure.

The front runners came in sporting a number of injuries and strains caused mostly by the low temperatures and high winds.

This wasn’t the way we wanted the runners to celebrate our 25th anniversary, but that was how it was. But throughout, the runners maintained focus, helping other runners and marshals if needed. The marshals sacrificed their own clothing when necessary, and the race was completed as best it could under the circumstances.

We’d like to thank the runners for their resilience, participation and help when needed; the mountain and base marshals for their dedication to the welfare of the runners and abilty to withstand atrocious conditions; mountain rescue for their ‘Just Do It’ ability to save the day in whatever way was necessary; the Inn for caring for the sick and infirm, the police for their direction and everyone else who helped in whatever way they could.  

Steve Respinger

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0033&RaceYear=2013)

PRIZE WINNERS (from race organiser)  
  
POS. No. Name Club  
Male Under 23  
1 125 AndrewGilmour (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
2 144 Adam Harris (S.A.) Shettleston Harriers  
3 126 Ian Gilmour (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
  
MALE  
1 151 Hector Haines (S.A.) Hunters Bog Trotters  
2 153 Findlay Wild Lochaber AC  
3 150 Andrew Fallas (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
  
FEMALE  
1 40 Charlotte Morgan (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
2 127 Eilidh Raistrick (S.A.) Hunters Bog Trotters  
3 62 Ciara Largey Cosmic Hillbashers  
  
MALE VET 40+  
1 95 Kenny Richmond (S.A.) Shettleston Harriers  
2 143 Mark Harris (S.A.) Fife AC  
3 134 Jon Ascroft Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
  
FEMALE VET 40+  
1 72 Jacqui Higginbottom (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
2 140 Veronique Oldham (S.A.) Cosmic Hillbashers  
3 45 Jane Jackson Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
  
MALE VET 50+  
1 101 Stewart Whitlie (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
2 70 Alan Smith (S.A.) Deeside Runners  
3 177 Adrian Davis (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
  
FEMALE VET 50+  
1 165 Joan Wilson (S.A.) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
2 116 Hilary Ritchie (S.A.) Fife AC  
3 39 Anita Hamilton (S.A.) Cosmic Hillbashers  
  
MALE VET 60+  
1 119 Ewan Paterson (S.A.) Moray Roadrunners  
2 31 Dougie Milligan 0  
3 141 John Blair-Fish (??) Carnethy (Edinburgh)  
  
FEMALE VET 60+  
1 163 Ros Evans (S.A) Westies  
2 #N/A #N/A  
3 #N/A #N/A  
  
VET 70+  
1 #N/A #N/A  
2 #N/A #N/A  
3 #N/A #N/A  
  
LOCAL  
1 194 Prasad Prasad Squadra Porcini \*\*LOCAL\*\*  
  
TEAM  
1 Carnethy Andrew Fallas, Stuart Whitlie, Andrew Gilmour, Paul Faulkner  
2 Hunters Bog Trotters Hector Hains, Charles Hutcheson, David Fulton, Dan Gay  
3 Ochil  
4 #N/A #N/A
