---
title: "Eildons 3 Hills race"
date: 2013-06-23
excerpt: "Fergus Johnston of Gala Harriers wins the newly-extended Eildons 3(!) Hills race. The extra hill only seems to add an extra 7 mins, based on last year's times. Jennifer Forbes, also of Gala, wins for the ladies. HBT scoop the team prize, and Gala take the female team prize.  _Read on for full race report from Paul Morris_  Teams  1 Hunters Bog Trotters 18   2 Carnethy Hill RC 26   3 Gala Harriers 28   4 Teviotdale H. 91   5 Annan & District AC 131   6 Lauderdale Limpers 141  Ladies Team   1 Gala Harriers 6    '"
---

This year marked the 50th running of the Eildon Hill race, but was the first time the event had taken in all three hills. The event began in 1961 climbing just the middle and highest of the characteristic peaks. Some years later George Meikle had an unprecedented series of 10 successive victories as well as having the honour of holding records for both the one and two hill variants of the event. Finally however this year, the three summits – known as Trimontium by the Romans were all included.

The new route starts with a steep ascent directly up the most northerly hill before descending to the col as in previous years. It then contours on a small path to the most southerly hill and then back to the highest and central summit. From here, the old route is once more followed, down an initially treacherously steep descent, then a fast descending contour to pick up the line of ascent back through the town. In a further change, the race now finishes in Gibson Park where it began, avoiding the grinding lap of the rugby pitch, and allowing spectators to enjoy the combined spectacle of the under 8’s sack race alongside the contest for first over 50 in the hill race. Feedback was almost unanimous in preferring the new route with only one vote from the traditionalist wing of the hill running fraternity.

The race was won with a tremendous effort from the host club’s Fergus Johnston, winning his 2nd race in some 50 outings in a time of 37mins 8secs. Gala also won the ladies race with Jenny Forbes having a more successful record winning her first hill race in 44mins 31secs. It is to be hoped that her victory gives her a taste for the hills. Perhaps the biggest smile of the day however was on the face of the race organiser, who in addition to having the satisfaction of designing a successful new route, completed his first competitive hill race in eighteen months following hip resurfacing surgery last August.

Hunters Bog Trotters not only managed to take the men’s team prize, but also won the relay event in the accompanying “dad’s” event as part of the Melrose children’s sports. They even managed to overcome some “route finding” from one of their rivals that would have made any hill runner proud as they cut off half the final lap.

Teams

1 Hunters Bog Trotters 18  
2 Carnethy Hill RC 26  
3 Gala Harriers 28  
4 Teviotdale H. 91  
5 Annan & District AC 131  
6 Lauderdale Limpers 141

Ladies Team  
1 Gala Harriers 6  

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0654&RaceYear=2013) | [Pictures by Ian Nimmo](http://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157634270841342/)
