---
title: "Highland Boundary Races"
date: 2013-04-02
excerpt: "Read on for full race reports from Adrian Davis..  '"
---

**The River Tay Dash, Dunkeld**

The three race series around Birnam and Dunkeld was eventful as ever this year with the cold conditions prevailing and snow still present on the higher hills on Birnam and Deuchary. The first race along the River Tay at night from Dunkeld bridge to the fishing hut and back is officially 5.1km along the wooded path with the torches blazing the trail. Beautiful clear skies made it perfect for running and although a little cold, numbers were down with 13 completing the race, with winner Will Hensman in 17mins 58 secs, Alan Smith in 18.34 and Andy Greaves 18.51. Sarah Adam won the ladies race in 22.17 Jane Oliver in 2nd and Debz Hay 3rd.

**Birnam Hill Race, Birnam AS 4m/535m**

Birnam attracted 63 runners and the race was fast even in the compacted snow making it a little slippery on the north facing slope after the initial climb. However the gentler south face had less snow and it was a little more thawed making it ideal descending conditions with Prasad Prasad 1st in 30mins 8 secs holding off Andy Fallas 30.15 in 2nd place with Andrew Gilmore 3rd. Helen Bonsor won the ladies race in 37.49 from Lisa Gamble 41.14 2nd and Julia Connor 3rd 42.21. Alan Smith was 1st Vet 40 and 50 in 33.59 with Adrian Davis 2nd V40 and 50 in 34.15. Karen Kealey 44.11 just pipped Joan Wilson 44.23 to the Vet 40 prize but Joan gained the Vet 50.

**The Deuchary Hill canter , Hilton, Dunkeld AM 10miles/780m**

The snowy conditions forced a slightly reduced course this year as the top of Deuchary hill and north facing slopes were covered in drifted snow and the trail was anything but obvious. Therefore the partly marked trail run over Craig O’Barns to the rocking stone and through lovely sweeping forest trails was a little more tricky as the snow was still patchy and deep in places in the forest where the sun had not reached the forest floor. The trail was marked at all major junctions and the ascent and descent from Deuchary Hill was where most snow occurred over the route making this the most difficult and demanding part of the course. A few people the hill path but finally found it and the return via The Glack was fast and furious for the last 3 miles on good tracks. Andy Fallas, showing no signs of tiredness won in 1 hour 18:37 from Andrew Gilmore 1:21:14 and Ian Stewart 1:23:59. Helen Bonsor won the ladies race in 1:32:18 with Rhian Evans 2nd in 1:44:18 and Hedwig Ponjee 3rd in 1:46:01. Adrian Davis MV40 and 50 came home 1st vet 1:25:34 followed by Alan Smith in 1:27:13. The last man had a few problems en route but eventually got home in just over 3 hours, well done Alan Kennedy.

**Overall results**

Alan Smith continued his fine form easily winning the event overall in a total time of 2 hours 19mins and 46 secs from Brian Cooper in 2:29:30 and Marinos Calothis in 2:42:29. As if that wasn’t enough Alan and Marinos both competed in the Normans Law Hill Race and Grandtully Hill race on the Saturday and Sunday after Birnam and Deuchary! The ladies settled just for completing the Highland Boundary races, with Jane Oliver first in 3 hours 33.22 and Debz Hay in 4:08:19. Well done to John Mill, Davie Duncan and David Oliver for completing all 3 races. Thanks to Emma and Callum as well as the Nicolls for marshalling at Tay Dash, Andy Greaves and Matt at Birnam and Ann Lister, Rachel, Louise and Matt for marshalling at all three. Lou also delivered the excellent soup biscuits and food.

[The River Tay Dash Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2013) | [Birnam Hill Race Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&RaceYear=2013) | [The Deuchary Hill Canter Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2013)
