---
title: "Red Moss Revolution"
date: 2013-06-22
excerpt: "Great win by Andy Fallas of Carnethy, narrowly beating Don Naylor of HBT. Charlotte Morgan, also of Carnethy, wins the female prize ahead of teammate Helen Bonsor....  '"
---

Bog and Burn : Red Moss Wed 19th June

Great turnout on a sunny evening,  
  
120 finishers (122 starters with 2 DNFs) , with 44 cyclists who cycled to the start getting free entry on the day!

The winners of both the ladies and mens race cycled to the start - so it just goes to show that cycling to the race is the best way to get warmed up!  

The race this year coincided with the Edinburgh Festival of Cycling

http://www.edfoc.org.uk/

and any profits from the race this year are going to Spokes - the Lothians cycle campaign  
  
http://www.spokes.org.uk/

First back was Andy Fallas (Carnethy) in 35.28, being chased down by Donald Naylor (HBT) who finished 2nd and also first V40 in 35.40, with Fergus Johnston (Gala) in 3rd place.  

HBT have just finished their summer drinking challenge ...HBBBT involving bagging obscure breweries, bars and undiscovered beers (though we leave most of the drinking to YP!) , and not sure if that slowed or speeded Don up, but he still managed to cycle to the start, win the Vet 40s, cycle to the pub in Balerno for soup and beer and then cycle back to regular Wed night HBT haunt - the Cloisters - for another pint before closing!  

FIrst lady was Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) in 40.29, with Helen Bonsor (Carnethy) 2nd and Val Houston (Westies) in 3rd and first V40 lady.

Ist U23 was Graeme Taylor (EAC) , Ist V50 was Alan Smith (Deeside),1st V60 was Pat Fitzpatrick (Ochil), and 1st V70 was Bog and Burn regular Charlie Love (Dundee) who gave himself an extra handicap as he was still tying up his shoe-laces when the rest of the runners set off!!  
  
For the Ladies, Dyane Harvey was 1st V50 and familiar face Pat McLaughlin (Westies) was 1st V60.

Well done to all finishers! especially to those of you doing your first hill race!  

There was free soup afterwards in the Grey horse pub in Balerno, followed by the prize giving, with most folk left in the pub at the end of the evening claiming some sort of prize!

This was the 7th running of the Red Moss race, in the mid-week Bog and Burn race series - and it was a glorious evening of warm sunshine and light breeze, though the start and finish marshalls could have done with a stronger breeze to blow the midges away.  
  
Norma Bone of Harmeny was helping with the finish results and Norma had the right idea turning up in her full midge net protection from head to foot! Norma explained that she is marshalling on the WHW race this year , and she was trying out her midge protection gear for the merciless West highland midges! The fierce Pentland midges were a good test for her gear!  

Restricted car parking continues to be a problem for this popular race, and drivers were limited to 100 places via online pre-entry (no entry on the day for car drivers) - and the free entry for cyclists was effective in encouraging more folk to cycle.  
  
Next year , once again we'll be offering free entry on the day for any cyclist who cycles to the start , and I'd encourage any car drivers to arrive early next year, leave their car in Balerno village and jog the last mile up to the race start. This will ease any risk of congestion and keep us on good terms with the local landowners, and other car park users incl the local triathlon club who swim in the reservoir!!  

The furthest travelled runners were from the Netherlands, and several of them went for a swim after the race to cool down!

Many thanks to all the cyclists who turned up - and it is a good training tip to cycle to races when you can - cheaper and more fun than being stuck in the rush hour traffic!!  

Thanks to all the marshalls who braved the midges,

The Thin and Jarvis girls on registration, James Jarvis, Norma on the results, Sandra and kids at the gate, Pete and Morag on Hare hill, and Joanne running at the back as safety sweeper.  
  
No-one got lost this year - so that was a result in itself.

Jamie Thin

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0501&RaceYear=2013)
