---
title: "Trotternish Ridge"
date: 2013-05-21
excerpt: "Poor visibility and strong north easterly winds were the order of the day for the first running of the Trotternish Ridge Race on 18th May...    '"
---

Trotternish Ridge Race Report

Poor visibility and strong north easterly winds were the order of the day for the first running of the Trotternish Ridge Race on 18th May  
The race itself is approximately 18 miles of challenging terrain starting from Flodigarry in the north, climbing up over Meall na Suiramach before descending to the road at the Quiraing. From there it is a long and generally path-less route, along the cliffs of the Trotternish Ridge, climbing up over the summits of Beinn Edra, Hartaval and The Storr, before descending from the ridge through a narrow, rocky gully to the Storr Lochs and the finish at the dam. Runners also had to locate seven checkpoints along the route, at which they had to leave a tag bearing their race number.  
40 runners started the race, heading up past Lochs Langaig and Hasco into the Quiraing through the mist, however low cloud, with a base level of 100m reduced visibility to 10m and competitors struggled with navigation throughout the race. Winds gusting to 50mph added to the challenge.  
The field soon spread out, with the lead runners crossing the Quiraing road after 35 minutes followed by a succession of others over the next hour. This was always going to be a challenging race, and in the conditions on the day it was to prove even more so: only half of those who started managed to battle their way to the finish.  
The race was won by Alec Keith in 3 hours, 19 minutes and 42 seconds, an excellent time given the conditions. In second place, almost an hour later, was Graeme Campbell , with joint third place taken by Alex Glasgow and Ross Creber in just under 5 hours. First lady home was local runner Sarah Stephenson in 5 hours, 38 minutes and 20 seconds. Joint second place was taken by Lizzie Westman and Katie Boocock, closely followed by another local lady, Vicki Dunkel who finished together with Kyla Orr.  
The race was a test not only for the runners but also for the organisers and, apart from the weather, it seemed to go without a hitch. Thanks are due to the landowner, SGRIPD and Crofters who allowed us to run over their ground, and to Scottish Natural Heritage who issued consent for us to run the race over the Trotternish Ridge Site of Special Scientific Interest. There were many people involved in organising the race, with special thanks to the sweep team and marshals who battled the elements to ensure the safety of the competitors, and to Portree Angling Association who let us have the use of their shed to provide shelter and food at the finish.  
The prize giving was held in the Tongadale Hotel in Portree, with prizes donated by Talisker Distillery, and were presented by Skye & Lochalsh Running Club Chairman Phil Dewar. This was followed by a most welcome meal and time to relax and talk of next years’ race.  

Neil Turner

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0650&RaceYear=2013)
