---
title: "Dumyat Dash, 2nd November 2013"
date: 2013-11-03
excerpt: "The first two places, taken by Graham Gristwood (Mercia Fell Runners) and Andrew Normand (Carnethy HR) respectively, came down to a sprint finish, both posting a very quick 48.46 despite the conditions. In third was Ross Campbell (Edinburgh Uni H&H) 82 seconds later. First female in was Val Houston (Westerlands) in 60.50 with Jacqui Higginbottom shortly after in 61.17.  '"
---

**Dumyat Dash 2013 - race report**

And so the "shepherd's warning" proverb came true at the 2013 Dumyat Dash! After a clear, calm and reddened sky starting the day off, the elements decided, just after the 93 runners headed up the track from Menstrie, to make traversing the variable terrain course that bit harder. Most folk came in wearing their jackets having been battered by the wind and rain but at least they kept a degree of warmth unlike the poor marshals out on the hill.

Nevertheless, the first two places, taken by Graham Gristwood (Mercia Fell Runners) and Andrew Normand (Carnethy HR) respectively, came down to a sprint finish, both posting a very quick 48.46 despite the conditions. In third was Ross Campbell (Edinburgh Uni H&H) 82 seconds later. First female in was Val Houston (Westerlands) in 60.50 with Jacqui Higginbottom shortly after in 61.17. Third was Julia Connor (Tinto HR) in 66.54. In the M40 category, long distance traveller Ross Bannerman (Highland Hill Runners) had a clear advantage in 52.31 over next placed Graham Nash (Carnethy HR) who came in at 53.50, with again a good gap back to third placed Gary Fraser (Ochil HR) in a time of 55.17. First F40, excluding all of the top three women, was Paula Cowan (Westerlands) in 68.45, with Katy Baxter (Ochil HR) and Gaynor Gillespie (Westerlands) taking the next two spots in this category in 71.58 and 78.53. Alan Smith continued his strong run of form this season taking first M50 in 53.15 and an overall ninth place, while first F50 was Margo James (Troon Tortoises) in 68.15. First M60 was the evergreen Martin Hulme (Costorphine AC) in 66.13, while the oldest competitor Bill Fairley took the M70 prize with a time of 1.41.54.

Many thanks once again to the marshals from Ochil HR who suffered for the cause of hill running and ensured everyone got around safely, to Sweatshop and the Tryst Brewery, Larbert for their continued sponsorship, and to Kay Adams for being on hand to ensure runners were offered a post-race massage.

_Andrew Wright_

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0611&RaceYear=2013)
