---
title: "Lairig Ghru"
date: 2013-07-02
excerpt: "A record field of 181 competitors took part in the 2013 Lairig Ghru race on a blustery day, otherwise good conditions for running.  Defending champion Dan Gay (HBT) ran away from the field from the start to finish in 3:15:55, eight minutes ahead of Don Naylor (HBT) in 2nd place and 1st M40. Iain Whiteside (Carnethy) was 3rd. Alec Keith (HBT) was 4th making HBT clear winners of the men’s team prize.  Gillian Sangster (Arbroath Footers) was 1st female and 1st F40 in 4:04:00. Siobhan Prise (Aberdeen AAC) was 2nd and Rhona Anderson (Dunbar RC) was 3rd. Deeside Runners, Steph Provan, Sam Rendall and Sarah Dunn won the women’s team prize.  '"
---

Results are now online at the Lairig Ghru race page: http://www.deesiderunners.com/?page\_id=27

A record field of 181 competitors took part in the 2013 Lairig Ghru race on a blustery day, otherwise good conditions for running.

Defending champion Dan Gay (HBT) ran away from the field from the start to finish in 3:15:55, eight minutes ahead of Don Naylor (HBT) in 2nd place and 1st M40. Iain Whiteside (Carnethy) was 3rd. Alec Keith (HBT) was 4th making HBT clear winners of the men’s team prize.

Gillian Sangster (Arbroath Footers) was 1st female and 1st F40 in 4:04:00. Siobhan Prise (Aberdeen AAC) was 2nd and Rhona Anderson (Dunbar RC) was 3rd. Deeside Runners, Steph Provan, Sam Rendall and Sarah Dunn won the women’s team prize.

Thanks (and a large donation) as always to Cairngorm Mountain Rescue team for supporting the race and to all the marshals and helpers. Thanks also to the excellent Mountain Café, Aviemore, not phased by the numbers and to both Mar and Rothiemurchus estates who continue to support the race.

Special apologies to Isobel Burnett, who the rapidly dementing race organiser neglected to acknowledge at the prize-giving as the 1st F50 – well done Isobel!

Finally, a field of 181 spread over 7 hours presents an interesting challenge, balancing the needs of elite runners and the increasing number of people seeking a genuine challenge through running in the hills. Food for thought for next year?

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0067&RaceYear=2013)
