---
title: "Run-4-It SHR Scottish Championship - Final Positions"
date: 2013-10-29
excerpt: "With the large field at the last race at Run of the Mill, a superb total of 99 people completed the championship and will now get one of the much desired and valuable SHR mugs ... of course the mug design is top secret but all will be revealed soon as they will be available at SHR AGM at Tinto and then at the SHR Dinner and Prize-giving on 30th November at Grandtully Village Hall (near Aberfeldy). To book a place at this (and also to get a place in the bunkhouse) contact '  N.B. To get a mug you must be an SHR member for 2013 and about a dozen of the 99 are not .. so if that's you contact, '  Back to the 2013 Championship..."
---

Virtually all the people who needed to run the last race to get on the podium did just that and things turned out much as I said in my last report. The super fit Finlay Wild (Lochaber) easily won the last race to win the championship and 5th on the day from Andrew Fallas (Carnethy) was enough to give him second place. Last year's champion, Al Anthony (Ochil) took third. Neither Over 40 leaders ran (tactics for at least one?) which meant that Mark Harris (Fife) took the championship from holder Kenny Richmond (Shettleston). Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) had already easily retained the Over 50 from Alan Smith (Deeside), although with a resurgent Colin Donnelly (Lochaber) appearing on the scene and coming in 6th at Run of the Mill, it would have been a much closer contest if Colin had been around all season. Ewan Paterson (Moray RR) retained the Over 60 but Doug Milligan (Solway), a three times former winner, moved up to 2nd after the final race. The late John Blair-Fish (Carnethy) took 3rd place for the third year running and Run of the Mill was the only race he didn't run. He will be much missed. In the new Over 70 category, Keith Burns (Carnethy) convincingly took the title from Charlie Love (Dundee HH).

Angela Mudge (Carnethy), as expected, easily won the Senior Women's title. This was her fourth time, with her first being as long ago as 1997! Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) took second place for the second year and Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) completed the podium. Angela Mudge also easily won the Over 40s championship from the holder and three times winner, Veronique Oldham. There was a new name on the Overs 50s as Hilary Ritchie (Fife) took it for the first time despite a spirited challenge from Joan Wilson (Carnethy), who had to settle for second. Ros Evans (Westerlands) had already won the Over 60s.

The Under 23s doesn't attract many people, so perhaps the format needs changing ... ideas? The men's was a family affair as Andrew Gilmore beat his brother Iain (both Carnethy) and the women's was won by Neah Evans (Shettleston), whose mum, of course, has just won the Over 60s.

Carnethy HRC dominated the teams, winning all four categories (M & F, Senior and Over 40s). Westerlands have improved a lot this year and took second in the Senior men's from Ochil, while Dundee took second in the Over 40 men's from Ochil (this is the same result as last year). Cosmic took second in both female team categories with Ochil 3rd in the senior and Fife 3rd in the Over 40s.

The listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2013 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2013 - Female.xls) for women.

(or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists for those interested in the stats).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
