---
title: "Ben Kenneth"
date: 2013-08-06
excerpt: "Iain MacCorquadale wins for the men, Lorna MacLeod for the ladies. No age categories or club names for these results.  _Read on for full race report_  '"
---

Iain MacCorquadale wins for the men, Lorna MacLeod for the ladies. No age categories or club names for these results.

_The following report is by Iain Smith and submitted by Ian Binnie_

**UIST RUNNERS TAKE THE HONOURS IN BEN KENNETH HILL RACE**

Two runners from the Uists have won the mens and womens titles in the annual Ben Kenneth hill race held at Lochboisdale in South Uist on Sunday evening.

Iain MacCorqudale from North Uist led the race from beginning to end - reaching the summit of the 276m hill in just over 18minutes, well clear of the rest of the field. He finished in a time of 31:32, over four minutes ahead of Angus Campbell from Iochdar who took second place in 35:50, and Hexham's Phil Vincent who finished third in 35:55.

The first woman home was local girl, Lorna MacLeod from Lochboisdale. She completed the course in a very creditable time of 46:43. Her winning margin was even greater than in the mens race, coming in almost seven minutes ahead of Jean Bowman from Burnt Island, Fife, who crossed the line in 53:25. Another local girl, Kathleen Alexander was third.

Race organisers were delighted with what was a near record number of 59 runners, just four shy of the highest ever field of 63 in 2011. Ian Binnie of the organising committee said: "We're delighted that this year's race has been such a success and that so many competitors, both visitors and locals, took part.

He continued: 'This year's field included runners from throughout the UK and one competitor who came all the way from Holland to take part. It was very encouraging to see the increasing level of interest being shown in the event from both the athletes and spectators, and we're confident that the Ben Kenneth Hill Race will now go from strength to strength in the years to come."

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0565&RaceYear=2013)
