---
title: "Run-4-It SHR Championships after Ochils and Tap o Noth"
date: 2013-09-04
excerpt: "Delayed due to holidays but the latest championship listings are now online and available to peruse. With only one race to go, as you’d imagine, many categories already have a winner and many people (about 55) have already earned their valuable SHR mug, though lots more still can..."
---

Delayed due to holidays but the latest championship listings are now online and available to peruse. With only one race to go, as you’d imagine, many categories already have a winner and many people (about 55) have already earned their valuable SHR mug, though lots more still can.

Good to see that both the Senior Men’s and Senior’s Women’s have still to be decided. Of these the Senior Men’s is more open. Defending Champion Al Anthony (Ochil) is leading from Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) and Mark Harris (Fife) and any of these three could end up in front provided Finlay Wild (Lochaber) and Andy Fallas (Carnethy) don’t run! If they run, one of Finlay or Andy will win and of these two, Finlay is the odds on favourite. In the Senior Women’s, Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) currently has a clear lead, but is not the favourite to win the championship, as that is club mate, Angela Mudge, provided, Angela runs the last race.

It is a similar situation in the Women’s Over 40, Leaders are old rivals Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) and Jacqui Higginbottom (Carnethy), who between them have won it the last 5 years, but the favourite is again Angela Mudge, provided she runs the last race. The men’s Over 40 is a fight between Kenny Richmond and Mark Harris, though after his superb win at Ochils 2000, Mark is favourite.

In the Women’s Over 50, Hilary Ritchie (Fife) will win, except if Joan Wilson (Carnethy) finishes first Over 50 at Run of the Mill. Nothing like pressure, Joan ! In the Men’s Over 50, the race has always been for second place as Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) has completely dominated the category, easily winning every race so far to retain the championship. It is the same story in the Over 60s for both sexes as Ros Evans (Westerlands) has dominated the women’s and Ewan Paterson (Moray) the men’s as both easily retained their titles. So far there are no Over 70 Women, but the Over 70 Men’s championship is a repeat of the 1993 Over 50s championship, i.e. a battle between Charlie Love (Dundee) and Keith Burns (Carnethy) and like 1993, Keith is favourite, provided (like so many others) he runs the last race.

Finally, with one race to go, Carnethy have made a clean sweep of all four team categories, a feat they achieved in 2010, but second places are still to play for.

The listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2013 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2013 - Female.xls) for women.

(or available from Championships menu on right of screen, where there are also all time lists for those interested in the stats).

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
