---
title: "Bishop Hill, 03 Mar 2013"
date: 2013-03-05
excerpt: "_From Richard Gatehouse_  Juniors and veterans were to the fore in this year’s Bishop Hill Race. Morning clag dispersed to give excellent conditions and it was surprisingly dry underfoot. Under 20 Jamie Crowe (Dundee Hawkhill) and veteran Mark Harris (Fife) were together at the White Craigs summit. Mark forced the descent to win by 10 seconds and keep his title. Just one second behind came U17 junior Logan Rees (Fife)- an excellent performance. In 6th was Alan Smith (Deeside), first over 50. Jonny Knox took the over 40s prize in 9th place overall. Pat Fitzpatrick (Ochil HR) was first over 60 and Bob Beveridge from the host club, Lomond HR, took the over 70 prize.  _Read on for more_  '"
---

_From Richard Gatehouse_

Juniors and veterans were to the fore in this year’s Bishop Hill Race. Morning clag dispersed to give excellent conditions and it was surprisingly dry underfoot. Under 20 Jamie Crowe (Dundee Hawkhill) and veteran Mark Harris (Fife) were together at the White Craigs summit. Mark forced the descent to win by 10 seconds and keep his title. Just one second behind came U17 junior Logan Rees (Fife)- an excellent performance. In 6th was Alan Smith (Deeside), first over 50. Jonny Knox took the over 40s prize in 9th place overall. Pat Fitzpatrick (Ochil HR) was first over 60 and Bob Beveridge from the host club, Lomond HR, took the over 70 prize.

Carnethy ladies mopped up the prizes this year. Charlotte Morgan was the convincing winner, with Jacqui Higginbottom second, but first vet. Joan Wilson went away with the over 50 honours. There were 96 finishers. Thanks once again to the marshals, timekeepers and course markers, and to the makers of soup and scones- much appreciated!

The under 15 race to the halfway gate saw some spirited performances, much to the entertainment and amazement of some of the spectators on the hill! James Hurrel was first in 12-30, and many seniors would struggle to better that! In second was Laura Nicoll in 14-20. It was clear several families had come for the day and had all taken part, if old enough! I hope you all enjoyed the day.

[Senior Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0018&RaceYear=2013) | [Junior Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Half Bishop junior 2013.xlsx)
