---
title: "Caerketton Doonhillers finally get a grip…"
date: 2013-09-12
excerpt: "Wins for the home club at the Caerketton Doonhill  Mark Johnston's report follows;  In 2002, sixteen people stood atop the eastern summit cairn of Caerketton Hill above Edinburgh, and set off at fifteen second intervals down a (mainly) downhill route to finish near the Biggar Road, 1.1 miles and 1000ft below them....../  '"
---

In 2002, sixteen people stood atop the eastern summit cairn of Caerketton Hill above Edinburgh, and set off at fifteen second intervals down a (mainly) downhill route to finish near the Biggar Road, 1.1 miles and 1000ft below them. The race was initially set up as a low key, fun Carnethy club event.

Eleven years on and this year’s Caerketton Doonhiller was the third race in the new ‘Get a Grip’ Scottish Downhill Running Series, following on from the Bishop Downhill in Fife and The Nebit Downfall in the Ochil Hills. The race is still organised in a low key fashion, with the focus on fun, though there’s still room for some fierce competition throughout the field!

Thanks largely to the new series, the race saw a record field of sixty seven seniors and ten juniors. Conditions were good with earlier rain giving studs a bit of bite, though the ground had largely dried out.

The smart money beforehand was being placed on Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) who had scorched down The Nebit the week before to take the win by eleven seconds. But once Ian Nimmo had completed the number-crunching, it became apparent that Iain had been pipped at the post by one second by none other than his brother Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy), who won in 5.06, only two seconds outside Al Anthony’s course record. They had a fair gap over joint third placers John Denovan (Westerlands) and junior Tom Harris (Fife).

Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) retained her Doonhiller title and equalled her 5.45 record, finishing ahead of Sarah Wiseman (Ochil) and Doonhiller regular Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT).

The majority of the veteran records fell on the night with the new records for V40 Fiona Kelsall (Ochil), V50s Steven Fallon (Carnethy) and Hilary Ritchie (Fife), V60 Bob Waterhouse (Carnethy) and V70 Keith Burns (Carnethy). Robin Orr (Bellahouton RR) was also inside the old V50 record, though Steven was five seconds quicker.

The junior race saw ten keen youngsters dashing down the hill from the halfway gate to the finish. Charlie Burnett pipped Fergus Campbell by one second, with Taylor Denovan first girl in 4th overall.

Many thanks to all those who helped out on the night, and especially to Ian Nimmo who has put many hours in to developing a spreadsheet which enables us produce the results as fast as we can. Over forty senior and junior prizes were handed out to varying degrees of delight, amusement and bemusement, and the prize giving was wrapped up by 8 o’clock.

For info., the category winners in the inaugural ‘Get a Grip’ Series :

Male

1\. Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) 1997 points

2\. Luke Arnott (Westerlands) 1963 points (first V40)

3\. Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy) 1962 points

V50. Steven Fallon (Carnethy) 1868 points

V60. Pat Fitzpatrick (Ochil) 1498 points

Female

1\. Eilidh Wardlaw (HBT) 1521 points

2\. Fiona Kelsall (Ochil) 1455 points (first V40)

3\. Hilary Ritchie (Fife) 1334 points (first V50)

Iain and Eilidh each win a pair of inov8 Bare Grip shoes, kindly donated to the series by Inov8. A full report on the series will appear on the SHR website/newsletter in due course.

Mark Johnston

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0184&RaceYear=2013)
