---
title: "Norman's Law Race 30th March"
date: 2013-04-02
excerpt: "_From Mark Harris_  There is a bit of everything in this short race – cross country running, a short runnable ascent, a fast downhill stretch and different options for the return journey. This year melting snow and unusually wet and muddy tracks hoofholed by cattle were added. So times were always going to be slow. Overhead conditions, however, were as fine as could be expected – little wind and cool but not freezing.  _Read on for full report_  '"
---

_From Mark Harris_

There is a bit of everything in this short race – cross country running, a short runnable ascent, a fast downhill stretch and different options for the return journey. This year melting snow and unusually wet and muddy tracks hoofholed by cattle were added. So times were always going to be slow. Overhead conditions, however, were as fine as could be expected – little wind and cool but not freezing.

A good crowd of over a hundred runners was led home by junior Logan Rees (Fife AC) in 35.18 who made the brave decision to finish by going over Emily Hill; the first time the race has been won by someone taking this more direct but more undulating line. He was followed by Adam Harris (Shettleston) and Brian Bonnyman (Westerlands, M40), taking a slightly different route over Emily Hill but failing to close the half-minute gap. Logan Rees also won the Alan Milligan Memorial Quaich as the first Fife AC runner home. Chris Russell was given the M40 prize. Alan Smith (Deeside), having rushed from Birnam, won the M50 category; Joe Holden (Lomond Hill Runners) was first over 60 and Steve Cromar first over 70.

First woman was Melanie Sinclair (Carnegie and F40) in 44.25. Not far behind, mirroring the men’s race, were Hilary Ritchie (Fife AC and F50) and Laura MacLellan (Highland HR and F40). The over 40 prize was awarded to Susan Harley (Fife AC) and Joan Wilson, also fresh from Birnam, got the F50 category prize. Carole Melville (Fife AC) finished first F70.

In the Emily Hill race, open to juniors 15 and under, a record crowd toed in at the start line. Dave Francis, the race organiser, told the youngsters that while their race was shorter, it was harder than the senior race because it was steeper. Another Rees, George, won the race in 7.17, followed by Andrew Burnett (Aberdeen) and Gavin MacWhinnie (Fife AC). The top three girls arrived close together with Emma Johnson (Unatt.) leading home Eve and Ruth Wedderburn (Fife AC).

Lastly but not least, I extend a very appreciative set of thanks to the team who kindly cooked, timed, marshalled, sweeped up the course and my co-organiser, John Kay.

[Norman's Law Hill Race Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0022&RaceYear=2013) | [Emily Hill Junior Race Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0543&RaceYear=2013) |
