---
title: "Scottish Hill Runners Annual “do” - Sat 30th November"
date: 2013-10-31
excerpt: "This year we have booked the Grandtully Village Hall for our annual do and prize giving, combined with accommodation and food at The Grandully, a former hunting lodge now serving as a bunkhouse. It also has a CAMRA commended bar! So make it a date and combine it with a stay at the bunkhouse and a venture out on some of the many hills and trails nearby.  See next page for how to book and more details..."
---

This year we have booked the Grandtully Village Hall for our annual do and prize giving, combined with accommodation and food at The Grandully, a former hunting lodge now serving as a bunkhouse. It also has a CAMRA commended bar! So make it a date and combine it with a stay at the bunkhouse and a venture out on some of the many hills and trails nearby.

Prize giving for the Run 4 It SHR Championship will take place at around 6.30pm. Anyone completing the series and not able to collect their mugs at Tinto will be able to do so here. Prizes will also be awarded for the SHR Long Classics series.

Prize giving will be followed by the dinner at around 7.30pm. There will be a three course meal with a variety of choices including veggie. Drinks will be available to purchase from the bar. Dancing to a ceilidh band in the village hall will be until 11.30pm.

We have booked the whole of the bunkhouse for the night of Saturday 30th November. There are 24 beds in 10 rooms, some with 2 beds and some with 3, and half the rooms are en suite. If anyone needs a bed on Friday night that should be possible too. Cost is £17 per person per night.

If we exceed 24, then there is another associated bunkhouse near Aberfeldy, or there are other options in Grandtully. Camping is also possible for the hardy at the Canoe Association site in Grandtully!

The cost for the do is just £20. Please complete a booking form as soon as possible to be sure of your place! Further details from [Angela Mudge](mailto:angela.mudge@btinternet.com) or [Dave Scott](mailto:dcbscott@tiscali.co.uk)

[Booking form](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=SHR%20annual%20do%202013%20booking%20form.docx)
