---
title: "Earlston Black Hill Race and White Hill Junior Race"
date: 2013-07-04
excerpt: "Seventy-two seniors and eight juniors braved the rain and were rewarded with excellent running conditions for this year's Black Hill and White Hill races. Adam Craig took first place overall for TLJT in 35:46, just ahead of Broc Drury (Gala) and Andrew Cox (Moorfoot). Jill Mykura of Carnethy took the trophy for First Lady (9th, 38:51), with Kirstin Maxwell (Gala) and Morag McCracken (HBT) in second and third.  In the junior White Hill race, which this year was run from Cowdenknowes back to Earlston (the runners being bussed to the start), Thomas Otton (Gala) took a comfortable first in 8:03, followed in by Jamie Logan (Gala) and Fraser Falconer (unattached). First Girl went to Ishbel Ingles (Teviotdale) in 09:44.  '  '"
---

Seventy-two seniors and eight juniors braved the rain and were rewarded with excellent running conditions for this year's Black Hill and White Hill races, part of the Earlston Civic Week celebrations. Both the junior and senior courses were slightly altered as the playing fields of the old High School were no longer available, but the new town centre start for the senior race seemed to go down well with runners and spectators alike. Adam Craig took first place overall for TLJT in 35:46, just ahead of Broc Drury (Gala) and Andrew Cox (Moorfoot). Jill Mykura of Carnethy took the trophy for First Lady (9th, 38:51), with Kirstin Maxwell (Gala) and Morag McCracken (HBT) in second and third. First Local was Jonathan Sharp of Jog Earlston (41:05), with George Runciman (Lauderdale Limpers, 42:27) taking the prize for runners from the sponsoring club.

In the junior White Hill race, which this year was run from Cowdenknowes back to Earlston (the runners being bussed to the start), Thomas Otton (Gala) took a comfortable first in 8:03, followed in by Jamie Logan (Gala) and Fraser Falconer (unattached). First Girl went to Ishbel Ingles (Teviotdale) in 09:44.

Thanks go to Ross Allan of Milestone Garden & Leisure for generous sponsorship, the Tweed Valley Mountain Rescue Team and the Red Cross for emergency cover, the landowners for their continued support, the timekeepers marshalls and sweepers, the Civic Week Committee, David Young the race organiser, and all who supported a very successful (if slightly damp) evening.

[Black Hill Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0424&RaceYear=2013)

[White Hill Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0526&RaceYear=2013)
