---
title: "Junior Championship and League"
date: 2013-03-21
excerpt: "The scottishathletics Junior Championships will take place at Ben Lomond on Saturday 11 May. The Championship is open to members of scottishathletics. The categories are U20 (defined as born 1994–96), U17 (born 1997-98), U15 (born 1999-2000), with separate male and female awards.  _Read on for full details_"
---

The scottishathletics Junior Championships will take place at Ben Lomond on Saturday 11 May. The Championship is open to members of scottishathletics. The categories are U20 (defined as born 1994–96), U17 (born 1997-98), U15 (born 1999-2000), with separate male and female awards.

The scottishathletics Junior Hill Running League was introduced several years ago to encourage competitive opportunities for junior hill runners. In 2013, the League includes nine races:

*   06 Apr Cioch Mor Junior Dingwall
*   28 Apr Lomonds Junior Races Falkland
*   11 May Ben Lomond Junior Races\* Rowardennan
*   02 Jun Saugh Hill Girvan
*   23 Jun Falkland Falkland
*   13 Jul Creag Choinnich/Braemar Braemar
*   20 Jul Lochcarron Games Plockton
*   22 Aug Oban Games Oban
*   01 Sept Aberfoyle (JHI trials)\* Aberfoyle

Points will be awarded to the first 18 individuals in each category: 1st place 25 points, 2nd 20 points, 3rd 17 points, 4th 15 points, 5th 14 points, reducing at one point intervals down to 18th place at one point. \* However, the SAL junior championships (Ben Lomond) and the JHI Trail (Aberfoyle) will be double weighted, where runners will receive twice the points. The final league score compromises the athlete’s best 3 race scores, plus 2 points for each race completed. (If overall points are tied after the final League race, points scored at SAL junior championship and the JHI trail race will be used to determine the winner of the age category).
