---
title: "Two Inns Race Update"
date: 2013-08-05
excerpt: "Just to confirm that the Two Inns race is still going ahead on Saturday 10th August entries will close at 12 noon on Friday 9th August. If I receive an email of a scanned, signed entry form then I am happy to collect the entry fee on Saturday when they register.  Please could all runners familiarise themselves with the rules - KIT CHECKS WILL BE MADE. See the following notes..."
---

Just to confirm that the Two Inns race is still going ahead on Saturday 10th August entries will close at 12 noon on Friday 9th August. If I receive an email of a scanned, signed entry form then I am happy to collect the entry fee on Saturday when they register.

Please could all runners familiarise themselves with the rules - KIT CHECKS WILL BE MADE.

Note:  
It is mandatory under Fell Runners Association Safety Requirements that Organisers of ALL category A Long and Medium races require competitors to carry windproof whole body cover, other body cover appropriate to the weather conditions, map and compass, whistle, and emergency food (in long races). This requirement applies whatever the weather or time of year. Scottish Hill Runners strongly recommend that you comply, at the very least, with this sensible requirement, irrespective of your other safety arrangements. The key points are that they must:

• Arrive at the venue with as much kit as you are likely to require them to carry on the day. This means windproof and waterproof full body cover, hat, gloves, map, compass, whistle, food.  
• Have the necessary skills to cope with any navigational problems they may encounter, whatever the weather.  
• Have completed a ‘short’ or preferably ‘medium’ category ‘A’ race before running in a ‘long’ one.  
• Be able to recognise the signs of hypothermia and hypoglycaemia in themselves and others. Hypothermia: not responding to conversation; uncoordinated movement and speech; inability to think clearly; wanting to carry on in adverse conditions; skin cold where normally warm, such as under armpit. Immediate action: wrap in warm clothing. Hypoglycaemia: confusion, ill co-ordinated movement and speech; weakness, hunger. Immediate action: drink glucose solution or suck sweets.  
• Know what your ‘drop-out’ procedures are and comply with them. As a minimum, if they retire they MUST notify the officials at the finish (and the nearest check-point marshal, if appropriate) before they leave the area.  
• If they see someone in trouble THEY MUST HELP, even if it costs them the race.
