---
title: "Hill running season takes off"
date: 2013-04-23
excerpt: "The hill running season is fast approaching a period of top class racing opportunities, kicking off with the challenging Stuc a’Chroin 5000 Hill Race at Strathyre on Saturday 4th May, which this year hosts the **scottish**athletics Hill Running Championship and is a counter in the Run 4 It Scottish Hill Runners Senior Championship......"
---

**Hill running season takes off**

The hill running season is fast approaching a period of top class racing opportunities, kicking off with the challenging Stuc a’Chroin 5000 Hill Race at Strathyre on Saturday 4th May, which this year hosts the **scottish**athletics Hill Running Championship. The race is celebrating its 25th anniversary, and the event organisers are very much looking forward to welcoming the championship runners to their event. The race is also a counter in the Run 4 It Scottish Hill Runners six race championship series.

Next up is the Glas Tulaichean Race at the Spittal of Glenshee on Saturday 11th May, which is hosting the trial race for selecting Scottish teams for the British Athletics Mountain Running Senior Home International event, which will be held in Keswick on Saturday 25th May. The Glas Tulaichean and Keswick events are both being held on uphill courses. The event in Keswick is being used as the trial for selecting the UK teams for the European Mountain Running Championship (see UKA website for details).

Also on Saturday 11th May is the **scottish**athletics Junior Championship which is being held at the Ben Lomond Junior races.

And then finally the Inter Counties Championship takes place at the Settle Hills Race on Sunday 19th May. See separate news item for details on selection.

Details for all the events can be found online. For any queries on any of the events above, please contact Mark Johnston (Mark\_Johnston AT tiscali.co.uk) of the **scottish**athletics Hill Running Commission.
