---
title: "European Hill Running Championships"
date: 2013-07-08
excerpt: "_From Hugh Buchanan_  The European Hill Running championships took place in Borovets, Bulgaria on Saturday 6 July over 'uphill-only' courses. The UK team for the event comprised 4 of each of senior men, senior women, junior men and junior women. There were 3 Scottish athletes in the team: Robbie Simpson (Deeside, senior men), Andrew Lawler (Law and District, junior men and Catriona Graves (Garscube, junior women).  _Read on for full report_"
---

_From Hugh Buchanan_

The European Hill Running championships took place in Borovets, Bulgaria on Saturday 6 July over "uphill-only" courses. The UK team for the event comprised 4 of each of senior men, senior women, junior men and junior women. There were 3 Scottish athletes in the team: Robbie Simpson (Deeside, senior men), Andrew Lawler (Law and District, junior men and Catriona Graves (Garscube, junior women).

In the junior women's race (3.5km, 510m climb) Graves ran a superb race to finish in 6th place as the first UK team member, closely followed by Annabel Mason (Wakefield) in 8th place. Those 2 excellent finishes, supported by Georgia Malir (Ilkley) in 12th gave the team a splendid set of silver medals.

In the junior men's race (8.8km, 1030m climb), Lawler ran a solid race in his first outing at this level to finish 34th, with the junior men's team finishing 7th.

In the senior men's race (11.5km, 1130m climb), the UK team was a very strong one made up of 4 experienced athletes. Simpson finished 29th as the fourth team finisher behind Steve Vernon (Stockport), Scottish expatriate Chris Smith (Thames Valley), and sometime Hunter's Bog Trotter, Orlando Edwards (Shaftesbury Barnet). Finishing the whole team so well up the field gave the team silver medals, behind a dominant Italian team.

The senior women's team raced over 8.8km, 1030m climb. The UK team did not have any Scottish representation, but ran extremely well to claim team silver medals, after their gold medals of last year.
