---
title: "Championship Changes for 2015"
date: 2014-12-18
excerpt: "If you were at the AGM, you will know that Manny Gorman submitted a motion to change the eligibility for championship categories. The changes were favourably received by those present and so the committee has decided to trial these changes for 2015."
---

If you were at the AGM, you will know that Manny Gorman submitted a motion to change the eligibility for championship categories. The changes were favourably received by those present and so the committee has decided to trial these changes for 2015.

The changes are, Senior Men/Women will be re-titled Open Men/Women and all ages (over 18) will count in this. In addition, if you are a veteran, you will count in your particular age category championship only, e.g. if Over 50, you will count in the Open and Over 50 championships. The change from last year is that you will no longer be listed in the Over 40 championship as well.

Age category is determined by age on the day of the race, but if you change age category during the season, you will count in the same age category that you ran your first championship race that season, for all other championship races. So, for example, if you run 3 races as an Over 50 and then turn 60 for the last 3 races, you will count all 6 races as an Over 50. If, in a similar situation, you miss the first races so do not run any races until you have turned 60, then you will count in the Over 60 championship.

The rules have been changed on the Championship page. Feedback is welcome but we are going ahead with it for next season after a long discussion at the AGM and will decide how it goes after that.

Andy Spenceley  
SHR Statistician
