---
title: "SHR Scottish Championships after Lomonds of Fife"
date: 2014-08-21
excerpt: "The Lomonds of Fife was the fourth race of this year's Scottish Championships and the second medium race but with a relatively small field at the only long race so far, the Glenshee 9, not many people have completed four races yet. This means that most championship categories have not been decided, in fact many are too hard to call as are either very close and/or depend on who turns up for the last two races ! ....."
---

In the Senior Men's there has been a different winner at each race leaving Tom Smith (Lochaber) the chance to take the lead, but who will eventually prevail, could be defending champion Al Anthony (Ochil) or could be Don Naylor (HBT), but both would have to do the remaining races. If Tom doesn't hang on, it could also be Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) who takes it, but these are the only ones who mathematically could win.

Jasmin Paris (Carnethy) is favourite to take the Senior Women's but could be overhauled by clubmate Charlotte Morgan or possibly Claire Whitehead (Deeside).

Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) looks a likely winner of the Over 40s, but could be beaten by Shona Robertson (Shettleston) and , not surprisingly, Tom Smith is leading the Men's Over 40, but several people could take this, including the favourite Kenny Richmond.

The only category which has a confirmed winner is the Over 50 Women's in which Valerie Houston (Westerlands) cannot be beaten.

Both the Male team categories seem to be between Shettleston and Carnethy, while both the Women's are very open and really depends on who does well in the last two races (and especially the Two Breweries).

The listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2014 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2014 - Female.xls) for women.

or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
