---
title: "Highland Boundary Races 2014"
date: 2014-04-09
excerpt: "Adrian's report from the Highland Boundary Races - 28th to 30th March.  '"
---

The Highland Boundary races kicked of this year with the usual excitedness of runners sprinting out of work on their way to the Tay Dash on Friday night in Birnam.

The Tay dash is now a 5km trail race in the dark along the Tay and over a ploughed field, a return route from under Dunkeld bridge. An expectant crowd of 17 runners turned out, lower than previous years for the dash along the Tay in the dark with head torches beaming out over the shimmering river. The winner, and an old hand now at these races was Callum Gilhooley 16.47 followed by the pack, with Mel Nicol first lady 25.05.

Birnam Hll had the usual last minute panic for a few runners as they had forgot to enter online and therefore it was again a bit late starting. I classy field of over 70 runners was led home by Iain MacCorquodale who passed Callum Gilhooley on the final undulating track through the oakwoods and houses, but only by a mere 7 seconds in 30.06 with first vet 40 Phil WIlliams. The ladies race was a similar contest with a final win for Alayne Finlay in 41.32 over Emma Greaves 42.38. There was a strong field and everyone came home safely if not a little wobbly with a few on their first hill race knees!

The Deuchary hill race from the Hilton in Dunkeld had been extremely well marked the previous Friday by 3 marshals and myself given the previous history of people taking down tape on this race. Unfortunately this happened once again at a critical point in the race at a junction where a sharp right hand turn steeply takes you back uphill to the first checkpoint. Someone had changed the markings scrubbing them out and moving the tape down the hill in the wrong direction. During the race I quickly tried to change this with a large branch across the wrong route but still a few went wrong. However everyone got round but not necessarily in the right direction but everyone seemed to enjoy the misty day running the trails around Dunkeld and up to Deuchary. The eventual winner was Ewan McCarthy in an excellent time of 1.25.10 just outside Robbie Simpson's record and Callum Gilhooley although going wrong and being given a time penalty with the next 3 runners was given second and the rest of the results are a bit difficult to give an honest opinion on but are as people passed the finish line. I had to add 5 mins to the third and 4th places athletes for reportedly going wrong (Andrew Cox and Douglas Allan) but would like clarification please and sorry if we got this wrong. Stephanie Provan was fist lady and had a Garmin track to prove it and extremely useful too but the orienteers and people who had their maps out at the obvious point all seemed to get it right regardless of the confusion at the turning point. Maybe we won’t mark any of it next year but put in more checkpoints, what do you think?

Once again thanks to the extremely helpful marshals, we were very short this year with only 2 or 3 Davie Frame, Graham, Laura and Alice Nicol, Laurie Anderson, David Duncan and friends were very helpful. Birnam Arts centre are also very helpful and the landowners for their support. We would welcome feedback on your own times if you have them and a bit of honesty for who missed the checkpoint at the rocking stone and who went back up again to get it anyway!

I’m organising another navigation course too if anyone is interested, it may help for next year.  
Thanks,  
_Adrian Davis_

[River Tay Dash](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&RaceYear=2014) | [Birnam Hill Classic](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&RaceYear=2014) | [Deuchary Hill Canter](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&RaceYear=2014)
