---
title: "SHR Scottish Championship placings with one race left"
date: 2014-09-30
excerpt: "After the Two Breweries there is only one race left in the 2014 championship, that is the short race of Meall nan Tarmachan on 11th October. Still lots of categories to be decided and lots of people who need to run the last race to earn one of the famous SHR mugs !  The listings are '  or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.  Any queries to '"
---

After the Two Breweries there is only one race left in the 2014 championship, that is the short race of Meall nan Tarmachan on 11th October. Still lots of categories to be decided and lots of people who need to run the last race to earn one of the famous SHR mugs !

On the Women's side, Charlotte Morgan could still (mathematically) beat Jasmin Paris to the Senior Women's title, but Charlotte would have to win (that bit is quite possible) and Jasmin finish no higher than 5th place (not so likely!). The Women's Over 60s is very open with any of the current top three able to win it. In the teams, it is a battle between Deeside and Carnethy for the Senior Women's team. If Deeside win at Tarmachan, they will win the title on count-back. Cosmic need to finish an Over 40s team to win that category.

Like the Women, the Senior Men's is still open, but this is between three: Mark Harrris, Al Anthony (the 2012 champion and favourite) and Kenny Richmond. And like the Women, the Men's Over 60s is still to be decided, this time between Gordon Mccaffrey and Ewan Paterson. Carnethy has already won both the male team categories.

The listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2014 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2014 - Female.xls) for women.

or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician
