---
title: "Scotland do well in Junior Hill Running Championships"
date: 2014-09-24
excerpt: "Ireland hosted the British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships and Junior Home International at Glendalough on Saturday 20 September. Scotland won two of out of the four international races, had one third place, two fourth places, and gained team podium positions in three races....."
---

Ireland hosted the British and Irish Junior Hill Running Championships and Junior Home International at Glendalough on Saturday 20 September.

Scotland won two of out of the four international races, had one third place, two fourth places, and gained team podium positions in three races. The course was a fast and runnable slope, starting on a track, becoming a grassy bank through bracken, before giving way to open hill side. And then back again. England did not dominate as they have done in the past few years. Wales had one win and Ireland had some consistently good performances.

The organisers wanted the U17 girls to set off three minutes before the U17 boys, who had an extra 1km and 70m ascent to do. The idea was that the fastest boys would catch the girls before they turned, but the fastest girls would return first. Much to my surprise it worked, despite the occasionally narrowing path. The U20 girls also went off five minutes before the boys. However the fastest boys here were no match for the fastest girls…

The U17 girls were third team with some very fine and gutsy running (Laura Stark, fourth, Emily Nicolson, ninth, Rona Tytler, eleventh, and Lucy Macleod, thirteenth).

The U17 boys race was won by Tristan Rees. He had to battle to keep ahead in the closing stages having led for most of the race. The rest of the team provided the best possible support, finishing third, Thomas Otton, fourth, Gavin Bryson, and sixth, Sam Galloway. Theirs was an emphatic gold team medal.

The U20 girls race was won convincingly by Louise Mercer. Team Scotland here came in second, with Annabel Simpson (sixth), Jennifer Ricketts (tenth) and Emma Dunnett (eleventh).

The U20 boys race featured two runners who had competed in the World Championships for Team GB in Italy the week before. This did not affect Andrew Lawler who came a strong second place. But did Jacob Adkin (sixteenth). Ross Gollan, running for the first time for Scotland, finished a fine eighth place and Craig Jardine in thirteenth.

Overall, Scotland was second equal team with Ireland. And Jane Robertson and I, the team managers, came home feeling privileged to have travelled with this great group of young and committed hill runners.

Mark Harris

[Photos](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=JHI%20photos%202014.docx)
