---
title: "Joe Barber Herod Farm Race 16th April"
date: 2014-04-23
excerpt: "They came from near and far for the Glossopdale early season opener, the 20th Herod Farm hill race, one that a young Barry Hobbs had resurrected in 1995. Times close to the individual records were achieved on a pleasant spring evening over moderately dry ground by the fourth biggest field assembled to race up and down the Nab twice.  _Read on for full report_  '"
---

They came from near and far for the Glossopdale early season opener, the 20th Herod Farm hill race, one that a young Barry Hobbs had resurrected in 1995. Times close to the individual records were achieved on a pleasant spring evening over moderately dry ground by the fourth biggest field assembled to race up and down the Nab twice.

Runners from as far away as Borrowdale and Belper could not match the descending skills of Simon Harding, a Macclesfield Harrier. He was third on hitting the fell at Herod Farm with Rob Little (DPFR) the leader. However, Simon returned to the finish at the "lay-by" first in 23:56. Little was runner-up, a position he held in 2012. Afterwards he praised Simon's descending skills. Another with impeccable descender was Mike Fanning (Borrowdale FR), the first veteran who was 7th in 26:44.

Zoe Barton, the female winner on a dark and dismal night last year, repeated her time, only for her race-hungry club-mate Caitlin Rice to storm round in an excellent 27:53. Rice holds the Stella Judd Memorial Shield, a perpetual one arranged by clubman Andy in memory of his wife Stella who tragically died in 2005. She could hold a few more trophies this season as she intends to improve on her top twenty result in the English Fell Running Championships.

Caitlin was the second runner home from the host club, Chris Jackson being the first in a creditable 26:51 for 8th. Whatever the minor changes in the race route, Rice is in good company as few record a winning time under 28 minutes. A similar comment can be made about the men's winning time: Stuart Bond's four winning times (2008-2013) are all under 24 minutes and average 23:25.

All the age groups were keenly contested and unheralded amongst the also-rans was Altrincham's Jeff Norman, a 1976 Olympian and winner of the classic Three Peaks fell race an incredible six times (1970-1975). Altrincham's Tom Bush (husband of Olivia) was up at the front placing fifth. Runners from Buxton, Pennine, Macclesfield and several Sheffield-based clubs helped to swell the entry so that 120 started, and 120 finished. A former Tour of Tameside regular was 120th, his club-mate Robert Goulsbra being 20th, a mere five minutes down on the winner.

The closure of the Drovers Arms meant Andy Wilkins had to relocate the race to the Reliance Garage. Race organiser Sue Clapham thanked the owner of Herod Farm for use of their land; the owner of the Reliance Garage on Turnlee Road for use of their facilities; all the marshals and competitors; and John Barber of Joe Barber, Plumbers Merchants of High Street West, Glossop who one again sponsored the race.

Neil Shuttleworth

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Herod Farm Fell Race Results 2014 v2.xls)
