---
title: "Nebit Moontain Results"
date: 2014-12-11
excerpt: "Al Anthony won the Nebit Moontain race on Wednesday, 10th December"
---

Nebit moontain race 2014 report

A small but elite group of 22 runners toed the line for the start of this year’s nebit moontain race.

With news reports full of the supposed ‘weather bomb’, numbers were well down on previous years. But although the wind was fairly strong and cold, no precipitation fell during the race itself and conditions were not especially bad for a December night, although it was a bit slippier underfoot than usual.

The race was won by Al Anthony for the second year running. Dan Gay of HBT was second, and Owen O’Neill of Westies was third, as he was in 2013.

Fourth and first V40 was Gary Fraser of Ochils. First v50 was Laurie Anderson and first v60 was Richard Gatehouse, both Lomond.

Unfortunately no females were racing but six were marshalling on the hill!

No records were broken, but Al’s winning time was the second fastest in the three years of the race, behind his 2013 record.

After the race runners and marshals enjoyed soup and mince pies. We were delighted to be sponsored by Harviestoun Brewery this year, and as a result all runners and marshals left with a bottle of Bitter and Twisted. The prizes were presented by Chris Seabrook from Harviestoun Brewery.

Thanks to all the marshals who braved the conditions to make the race possible. We had 12 marshals this year, a ratio of over one marshal for every two runners! Particular thanks to Fiona Kelsall and Davie Duncan for marking the route in the afternoon, and Alex King for results.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0642&Year=2014)
