---
title: "7th Pendle Cloughs Fell Race Saturday 3rd May 2014"
date: 2014-05-29
excerpt: "Read on for full race report from RO Andrew Hirst  '"
---

The race nearly didn’t happen this year.

Behind the scenes I was personally taking quite a lot of flak from various sources, due to my stand against certain issues some Safety related some not, and my decision to run the race under a different organizing body. At times I was near to throwing in the towel, but with help and encouragement from more enlightened people and thanks to the SHR for allowing me to run the race under their rules and insurance, I carried on.

On the day it was just another race with a bunch of like minded people just wanting a good run out on the Hills. Although in the end only 34 runners turned up mainly due to the English Championship race at Coniston. This gave the event a traditional and intimate feel , some runners stating this was what Fell races used to be like, a compliment indeed I think. The Village Hall car park was used again, helping alleviate congestion in the Village, and thanks again to all runners for their cooperation in this matter, also the route through the fields at the start was used, which again was well received by all the runners. The race itself was held in ideal conditions, although some complained it was to warm on the lower sections.

The race was won by Charlie McIntosh of Pudsey and Bramley in 2hrs20mins37secs. The first half of the race was a close battle between Charlie McIntosh, Graham Lund of Bowland FR and Stephen Chew of Barlick FR who all managed to draw away from the main field, till Stephen Chew decided not to stick to his original route choice and dropped behind, with the following group catching him up at one stage. Although on the long run in to the Finish he managed to hang on and secure third place. First lady was Rachel Lowther of Barlick FR with only a second between 2nd place, which went to Kerrie Bretherton of Trawden AC, 3rd was Lindsey Berands of Preston Harriers; Rachel also managed to knock nearly 21 minutes of last year’s time. David Naughton, past winner Alan Life and Stephen Whitaker managed to secure the team prize for Clayton. (Again)

Lastly I would like to end by thanking all the volunteers and Marshals for their support and help, the runners for supporting the race and the Assherton Estate without whose cooperation the race would not take place.

_Andrew Hirst, RO_

[Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=pendle cloughs fell race 3rd may 2014 shr results.xls)
