---
title: "Haines and Bird set new course records at Red Moss"
date: 2014-06-30
excerpt: "A beautiful summer evening, and not too many midges at the finish. A new course and several new course records : for the men - Hector Haines (HBT) in 41:40, and for the ladies - Sharon Bird (U/A) in 50:46 Mostly fast running on paths, with a short sharp climb up West Kip , and short steep descent off East Kip, then back through Greencleuch to the finish."
---

A beautiful summer evening, and not too many midges at the finish.

A new course and several new course records : for the men - Hector Haines (HBT) in 41:40, and for the ladies - Sharon Bird (U/A) in 50:46

Mostly fast running on paths, with a short sharp climb up West Kip , and short steep descent off East Kip, then back through Greencleuch to the finish.

The course record should go lower next year as the leaders didn´t take the most direct line from the wood on the side of East Kip - best line is to follow the path by the fence line NE from the corner of the wood to join the track towards the Howe.

The new course proved a good mark for the Vets, if you are over 40 and can beat your age in minutes , you are doing well, the winners in their age categories gave this a good go!

Kenny Richmond - a youthful 45 - beat his age as first V40 in 43:20

Neil Gilmore hit the mark winning the V50 in 49:59 !! and Gordon McCaffrey won the V60s in 58:55, with a minute to spare!

Prizes for anyone who beats their age next year!

Gordon McCaffrey deserves a special mention , as this was his first race as a V60 , and he ran a stormer to win his age group , but missed out on a prize in the Pub , as I hadn\`t worked out all the age categories by then! Sorry Gordon!

(Pascal , the furtherest travelled runner from the Netherlands, got Gordon´s bottle of beer instead!)

Good runs from Lorna Mahoney, Phyllis O\`Brien, Pat McLaughlin and Charlie Love to wrap up the other vet prizes. It gets tougher to beat your age if you are over 70! .. you had better get training for next year Charlie!

Host club HBT was the biggest club and wrapped up the Mens and Ladies team prizes, plus had the most folk cycling to the start now that the HBT summer Grand Prix is in full flow.. extra points for a post-race pint!.

(this could a good location for the annual East-West HBT v Westie grudge match , as Westies were out in force too, but succumbed to the Brown hoardes of HBT!)

On a more serious note, despite the clear visibility and bright sunshine, we did lose one Penicuik runner , who must have scented home and ran off the top of the Kips the wrong way .. towards Penicuik!!

She was tracked down safe and sound by her husband , so no harm done.

The Thinman ( long-suffering race organiser) did get a sore ear from various Penicuik folk at the end, complaining of lack of marshalls and course marking, and the extra excitement of another local club organising a handicap race going up West Kip from the other side on the same evening!

OK ,true.. that invalidated the rule of thumb , that if you don´t know where you are going follow the runner in front of you!

As to the lack of course marking - this is by design, the race information states that the course will not be marked and there will be few marshals.

If you are hillwalking in the Pentlands or any hills , you don´t rely on other random folk to tell you where you are , you take a map and compass and make sure you take responsibility for your own safe navigation. The same applies to a hill race!

Ok I am beginning to sound like a cantankerous Keith Burns now - but this is an important message for any folk doing hill races in higher or more remote terrain ( or in poor conditions), take a map and compass and use it! No harm done on a summer\`s evening in the Pentlands, but it can be a different outcome in different circumstances. I mention this , as in the 1990s I took part in a hill race where one of the runners (a young mum with 2 kids) didn´t come back - this was the ´Welsh Water reservoir relay´in the Brecon Beacons in 1991 - the event route was promoted as ´marked´, the mist came down , the weather was foul and a runner (Carol Matthews) got lost and died. She was taking part in her first fell race. I´ve not been keen on ´marked´routes in the hills since then, better that runners know they are responsible for their own safety from the start. P.S. If any Penicuik Harriers read this message , your club are welcome to provide a marshall for the top of East Kip next year!! or better still give your club mates a few navigation tips! P.P.S Thanks to the start and finish marshalls - Eilidh Wardlaw, the Rathjen youngsters and friends, and the Thin family - Joanne, Oonagh and Sinead, and various other HBT folk who pitched in to help with registration!
