---
title: "History is made at the Doonhiller…"
date: 2014-09-11
excerpt: "Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy) made history at the Caerketton Doonhiller by being the first doonhiller to break the 5 minute barrier, finishing first in 4m54s, 17 seconds ahead of his brother Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) ...."
---

Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy) made history at the Caerketton Doonhiller by being the first doonhiller to break the 5 minute barrier, finishing first in 4m54s, 17 seconds ahead of his brother Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) with first vet 40, Gary Fraser (Ochils), finishing in 3rd, in a new vet 40 course record. Steven Fallon (Carnethy) continued his domination of the vet 50 category, finishing 9th overall, only 1 second outside his own vet 50 course record. The vet 60 category was a close run affair with Bob Waterhouse (Carnethy) pipping Davie Duncan (Ochils) by only 2 seconds. Ian McManus (Irvine) secured first vet 70.

The women’s race was also hard fought with only 16 seconds between the first three runners. Deborah Stokoe (Westerlands) came out on top in 6m28s, which puts her 5th on the all-time list. Under 20 Lizzie Knox (Anster Haddies) was only 6 seconds down in 2nd, with first vet 40, Fiona Kelsall (Ochils), in 3rd, though had the consolation of bettering her vet 40 course record by 15 seconds. Jean Bowman (Lomond) and Cali Ingham (Carnethy) finished first vet 50 and vet 60 respectively, with Cali taking exactly a minute off Pat McLaughlin’s vet 60 course record.

The junior race had a record turn-out of 19 runners, with Ethan Elder (Moorfoot) and Anna Burnett (Unattached) leading the way down the hill to victory. The junior runners moved even faster during the haribo scramble at the prize giving!

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0184&Year=2014)

Photos of the junior race (courtesy of Mike Lynch)…

[https://plus.google.com/photos/103192130211278661786/albums/6057733293070334785](https://plus.google.com/photos/103192130211278661786/albums/6057733293070334785)

Photos of the senior race and prize giving (courtesy of Mike Lynch)…

[https://plus.google.com/photos/103192130211278661786/albums/6057737319035173777](https://plus.google.com/photos/103192130211278661786/albums/6057737319035173777)
