---
title: "Record broken down Bishop Hill"
date: 2014-09-05
excerpt: "The evening was dry and pleasant as 34 participants climbed to the summit of Bishop Hill in the Lomonds of Fife in anticipation of some lumps and bumps followed by a crazy descent to the village of Kinneswood...."
---

The evening was dry and pleasant as 34 participants climbed to the summit of Bishop Hill in the Lomonds of Fife in anticipation of some lumps and bumps followed by a crazy descent to the village of Kinneswood. This year the vegetation was slightly higher and made the bracken a rather difficult opponent, especially on the fast, steep section of the descent.

Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) pipped his brother Andrew (Carnethy) by 5 seconds and beat Luke Arnott’s course record by an amazing 18 seconds. Gary Fraser (Ochils) secured first M40 and will battle out the overall podium spots with Andrew, Iain and Tom Harris (Fife). Don Reid took first M50, Davie Duncan (Ochils) first M60 and Ian McManus (Irvine) first M70. The M60 category in particular has been hard fought with Davie and Bob Waterhouse (Carnethy) separated by only 17 points in the series.

Lizzie Knox (Anster Haddies) was first lady in a new course record, ahead of the joint second placers, Fiona Kelsall (Ochils) who finished first F40, and Deborah Stokoe (Westerlands). All three have a good chance of winning the series at the final race. Cali Ingham (Carnethy) secured the F60 category with another win at Bishop.

The series culminates with the Caerketton Doonhiller next Wednesday. See the Carnethy website for details.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0665&Year=2014)

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Downhill_2014_r2.xls)
