---
title: "Get a Grip Downhill Series finale"
date: 2014-09-11
excerpt: "Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy) secured the overall victory in the ‘Get a Grip’ downhill running series through a record breaking victory at the Caerketton Doonhiller....."
---

Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy) secured the overall victory in the ‘Get a Grip’ downhill running series through a record breaking victory at the Caerketton Doonhiller. Going into the last race, Andrew and his brother Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) had won one race a piece at The Nebit & Bishop Hill. Iain finished second behind Andrew at Caerketton, securing second overall in the series, with under 20 runner Tom Harris of Fife finishing 3rd.

Fourth overall in the series was Gary Fraser (Ochils), who finished first vet 40 ahead of Mark Harris (Lomonds) and Mark Johnston (Carnethy). Steven Fallon (Carnethy) won the vet 50 category by a fair margin over Don Reid (Westerlands) and David Cowan (Fife). Things were much closer in the hard fought vet 60 category where Bob Waterhouse (Carnethy) had a very narrow winning margin of 17 points over David Duncan (Ochils) , with Bill Duff (Carnegie) in 3rd. Ian McManus (Irvine) was first vet 70, competing in all three races.

The women’s competition was the closest of all, and with Deborah Stokoe (Westerlands) taking victory at the final race, it was too close to call in terms of who’d won the series on the night. And once the numbers had been crunched, it did prove very close with vet 40 runner Fiona Kelsall (Ochils) taking the overall series victory, only 16 points ahead of under 20 runner Lizzie Knox (Anster Haddies), with Deborah Stokoe closing the gap on both runners, finishing closely behind in 3rd. Cali Ingham (Carnethy) was first vet 60 with no vet 50s completing the series this year.

Prizes will be sent out to the winners in due course.

Many thanks to HBT, Lomond Hill Runners and Carnethy for hosting the three races and hopefully everyone enjoyed a fun filled, adrenaline fuelled end to the summer midweek hill running series. See you all again next year.

[Final series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Downhill_2014_r3.xls)
