---
title: "New SHR safety rules and guidelines for competitors and race organisers"
date: 2014-07-09
excerpt: "SHR has produced a new set of rules and guidelines on race safety. These documents concern both those organising and those competing in SHR insured races. For further information on the background and rationale, please see the attached post and links....."
---

function get\_style(){ return "none"; } function end\_() { document.getElementById('snake').style.display = get\_style(); }

## Abortion pill online

Following the unfortunate death of a runner at the 2012 Buttermere Sailbeck fell race, SHR were asked by Cumbria Constabulary to provide an independent review of the circumstances of the incident. The remit was to advise on the suitability of safety arrangements in place at the race. Further to this request, SHR constituted a sub-committee which duly gave written and oral evidence at the Coroner's inquest. Taking into account recommendations made by the Coroner regarding this incident, SHR has produced a new set of rules and guidelines on race safety. These documents concern both those organising and those competing in SHR insured races.

The key principles that SHR has tried to follow are:

  

1.  To define clearly the safety responsibilities that **must** rest with the competitor because the Race Organiser cannot reasonably be expected to cover them.
2.  To give the Race Organiser freedom to prescribe rules **appropriate to his own event**.
3.  To avoid imposing rules on the Race Organiser that are either unreasonable or impossible.
4.  To help the Race Organiser to manage his race as safely as reasonably achievable and be able to demonstrate that he has done so.
5.  To implement lessons learned from Sailbeck and other tragedies.
6.  To help the competitor understand his responsibilities for his own safety and the safety of other competitors.

The new safety rules and guidelines are available here:

[Generic safety rules](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=SHR%20Generic%20Safety%20Rules%20Issue%201%20010714.pdf)

Online medical shop to [buy generic abortion pill](http://abortion-questions.org/) online.

[Safety guidelines](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=SHR%20Safety%20Guidelines%20Issue%201%20%20010714.pdf)

The new safety arrangements will apply to all SHR insured races for which organisers have registered after 1st August 2014. Any organiser who has already registered their race before this date does not need to make any changes, but should be aware of the new information.  

  
end\_()
