---
title: "Details for Knockfarrel & Northern District Champs on 8 Nov"
date: 2014-11-01
excerpt: "The first ever Northern District Championships are being held as part of the event"
---

**ND Hill Championships, Knockfarrel, 8th November**

Venue directions – Drive from Dingwall along the A834 towards Strathpeffer and the Shinty Pavillion is on your right in Strathpeffer.

Changing rooms/Refreshments/prizegiving – All at the Shinty Pavillion, Strathpeffer.

Parking – There is ample parking at the Shinty Pavillion plus an adjacent field will be available as an overflow.

Entries – will be taken on the day. £5 for SA members and £7 for non-SA members.

Directions to course – the race start is 800m away from Registration and will be signposted. There is limited parking there so runners and supporters are encouraged to walk. Approximately 10 spaces will be available for those who require to take vehicles.

Race times - All races go off at 1pm.

Race distance – 8km with a 365m climb.

Race ages - the race is open to Under 20 and senior athletes only.

Under 20's are athletes born in 1995, 1996 or 1997. Masters are athletes aged 40 or over on race day.

ND prizes - open to all athletes who are 1st or 2nd claim in a ND club. If an athlete's 1st and 2nd claim clubs are both North clubs, they must represent their 1st claim club.

  

Individual - 1st Under 20 Male and Female

1st, 2nd, 3rd Senior Male and Female

1st Master Male and Female

Please note: Athletes can only collect one individual medal on the day

Team – 1st Senior team Male and Female (1st three scoring athletes from any ND club)

Contact details – Becki Mackenzie, Highland Hill Runners, 07843560023
