---
title: "Silver celebrations at Bennachie Hill Race"
date: 2014-10-07
excerpt: "Inverurie’s Garioch Roadrunners welcomed a record field of 192 starters to the Bennachie Hill Race on Sunday 5th October"
---

Competitors travelled from as far away as Jura, Dumfries, Surrey, Yorkshire and Cheshire to take part in the iconic Aberdeenshire event on its 25 th birthday.

Although the day itself was clear and cool, recent persistent rain made for difficult conditions underfoot throughout the challenging 8.2-mile course.

Club Chair and Race Director Rod MacInnes said: “Getting a good day sandwiched between a really wet day on Saturday and a pretty awful day forecast for Monday was a very lucky break for all our runners and volunteers. Even the cool breeze after the event was held at bay by the marvellous marquee sponsored by Mackies of Scotland.”

The first person to cross the line was Kyle Greig (Forres Harriers) whose time of 54.17 was just 26 seconds outside the course record of 53.51 set in 2009 by Chris Smith (Thames Valley Harriers).  

The first lady home in 2014, as in 2013, was Veronique Oldham (Cosmic Hillbashers), in a time of 1.09.55.

Both winners received custom bottles of 12-year-old single malt donated by Glenfiddich, and presented by Scottish marathon legend, Mel Edwards MBE.

Chris Hill, Chris Tomlin and David Marshall captured the Men’s Team Prize for the Cosmic Hillbashers. Ruth Mackenzie, Sally Wallis and Sam Rendall of Deeside Runners secured the Ladies’ Team Prize.

Deeside Runners also captured both the men’s and women’s titles in the Aberdeenshire Hill Race Series, in which Bennachie is the third and final event. James Espie and Ruth Mackenzie were presented with their awards by John Sharp, co-founder of the Bennachie Hill Race.

The Junior Hill Race was dominated by talented youngsters from Aberdeen Amateur Athletic Club and the Huntly Nordic Ski Club, who between them provided 12 of the 19 starters. Runners from the two clubs took home all four Junior prizes.  

But pride of place among all the competitors was held by Pete Stephen (Garioch Roadrunners), who has not missed a single race since co-founding the event with John Sharp in 1990. He finished the course in just a shade under two hours (1.59.33).

Taking family involvement in the race forward into future generations, Stephen’s nephew, Craig Shearer (HCAC), travelled to the event from Yorkshire to take part, finishing second overall in a time of 58:32.

The Bennachie Hill Race has long been known for its superb post-race hospitality and the generosity of all involved. An incredible £465.56 was raised for this year’s chosen charity, the Aberdeen Mountain Rescue Team, by all those who enjoyed the home bakes provided by the host club.

Garioch Roadrunners Treasurer Martin Kirk said: “We’re delighted to have played a part in raising such a significant sum for the AMRT and their lifesaving work. We’ll also be making our own donation, as a club, to increase the total sum we pass on to them to £500.”  

Chair of the Aberdeen & St John Mountain Rescue Association Dawn Mackinnon added: “A number of our team members actually took part in the event Sunday and we’re very grateful to the organisers for their donation. We really appreciate support such as this in order to keep our team operational.”  

Runners taking part on Sunday had nothing but praise for the anniversary event. Bennachie was the first-ever hill race for Eric Simpson, Race Director for Inverurie’s Run Garioch. He said: “This was a superbly organised event. It was challenging, but with breathtaking scenery, too. The best part was the encouraging smiles of the marshalls – especially when we were about to enter a long trail of mud and water – and the cakes afterwards!”

To help celebrate the milestone, all finishers in the anniversary event received goodie bags and a bespoke neck gaiter donated by Craigdon Mountain Sports of Inverurie. Age-group winner prizes were provided by long-term race sponsor Run4it of Aberdeen.  

Club Chair and Race Director Rod MacInnes added: “We’re very grateful to all our sponsors, volunteers and home-bakers. But at the end of the day it's the competitors who make any event, and once again we were privileged to welcome friends old and new back to Bennachie to make this 25th event the best yet.”  

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0105&Year=2014)
