---
title: "Anniversary Waltz / Teenager with Altitude 2014"
date: 2014-04-23
excerpt: "The race was held on a fantastic, sunny Easter Saturday with a good turnout in both races. The Teenager race started on time, led by Rhys Findlay-Robinson (Dark Peak) who shown the field how to tackle Causey by running the full stretch to the top. Meanwhile, a major accident on the A65 delayed the start of the Anniversary Waltz by 20 minutes, and stopped a lot of the runners and marshals arriving.  _Read on for full report_  '"
---

The race was held on a fantastic, sunny Easter Saturday with a good turnout in both races. The Teenager race started on time, led by Rhys Findlay-Robinson (Dark Peak) who shown the field how to tackle Causey by running the full stretch to the top. Meanwhile, a major accident on the A65 delayed the start of the Anniversary Waltz by 20 minutes, and stopped a lot of the runners and marshals arriving.

A few that were held up by the incident chose to run and / or cycle to the event from Scales – almost. For anyone who did not get through because of the A65 incident, please email Wynn in the next couple of weeks and we will give you a free entry to next year’s race. The usual start / finish field was not available because of the lambing season, so we chose the slightly easier start – on the fell side, above Low Skellgill – and then gave a longer run in to the finish field just below the village hall. Thanks to the Harriman family for being so accommodating.

Rhys led the entire TWA course, to come home first male – despite having a very sore ankle. The ankle plus the lonely charge around the course meant that the record remained intact– Rhys finishing in a great time of 2:50:36; nearly 7 minutes clear of second man home – Simon Harding (Macclesfield). First lady home was Nicky Spinks (Dark Peak) in 3:26:40. The Anniversary Waltz was won by under 23 - William Niall from Mercia – in 1:40:53. Fourth place was also taken by an under 23 – Jack Smith from Wharfedale Harriers. Second and third places were taken by a vet 50 (Paul Carnforth, Borrowdale) and a vet 40 (Steve Swarbrick, Bowland).

First lady home in the Anniversary Waltz was Sharon Taylor (Helm Hill) in 1:57:17. Special mention needs to be made of Wendy Dodds (Clayton) who smashed her own V60 record for the third year finishing in 2:19:02. The day was claimed a great success by all who were able to run. We take our hats off to the marshalling team for running an extremely successful 18th Anniversary Waltz – please accept our heartfelt thanks, without you the race and our Wedding Anniversary would be only half of what it is today. We would also like to give our thanks for the donation of prizes (Pete Bland), homemade cakes for sale and the forbearance of the valley. Your entry fees provided a healthy £620 donation to the village hall from the race, and the car parking fees were donated to research into arthritis.

[Anniversary Waltz Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Anniversary_Waltz_2014_Results.pdf) | [Teenager With Altitude Results](http://www.shr.uk.com/Download.aspx?Item=Teenage_With_Altitude_2014_Results.pdf)
