---
title: "DEVIL’S BURDENS RELAY: SATURDAY, 25 JANUARY 2014"
date: 2014-01-22
excerpt: "**Please read on for important information for this year's event....**"
---

**DEVIL’S BURDENS RELAY: SATURDAY, 25 JANUARY 2014**

Again supported by Adrian Stott of Run and Become. He has our grateful thanks.

Points to remember:-

1\. After last year’s unfortunate occurrence, when the Police were called by some participants who got lost, this year everyone on the navigational legs must carry a mobile phone in the interests of health and safety and on the advice of the Police. If any runners find themselves in difficulty, please phone this number as your first point of contact: 07736 344593. We will have one of our most experienced hill runners, Bill Fairmaner, ready to assist.

2\. Carry the correct kit, maps and equipment to get yourselves round safely on all four legs including Leg 1. FULL BODY COVER (WATERPROOF TOP AND BOTTOMS, HAT AND GLOVES), MAP OF THE COURSE, COMPASS AND WHISTLE MUST BE CARRIED. This is in your own best interests and there will be no exceptions permitted. Please remember that merely carrying a map and compass does not guarantee your ability to find your way across the Lomonds in poor visibility: it is a prerequisite for your own safety that you can use said equipment to actually navigate.

3\. Give yourself enough time to register at the Falkland Village Hall and get your first team runner to the start. Remember this year the start line is at the duck pond in the Falkland Estate, which is around 10-15 minutes away from registration. For the purposes of the race timing, we must start exactly at 9.30 am and 10.30 am: we cannot wait for latecomers. We’ll try and do two tables at registration working simultaneously for each of the start times. A slip will be enclosed for any team changes.

4\. To ease any potential congestion, there will be two clips at the first checkpoint, which also acts as the second checkpoint. It is possible that the Leg 1 and Leg 2 runners will reach this simultaneously. Be careful and courteous to your fellow competitors: it does not matter which of the clips you use, either is acceptable.

5\. Strathmiglo and the first changeover. We have the Village Hall and the adjoining car park on hire. There are toilets in the Hall. DO NOT PARK ON THE GRASS IN THE CAR PARK! If the car park is full, use street parking in the village: the road along the foot of the hills is too narrow and is used by farm vehicles. Be considerate to the local residents.

6\. Kinnesswood and the second changeover. Park considerately and don’t upset the locals. Provided the coloured numbers arrive on time, Leg 3 runners should wear the red numbers.

7\. Holl Reservoir and the third and last changeover. I’ll just repeat the warnings of previous years: DO NOT PARK ON THE ROAD UP TO THE CROSSROADS. Previously, cars have parked on the right-hand verge of the road coming up from Leslie, which forced the outgoing vehicles to run over the other verge, thus damaging both verges and they take a long time to recover. At the same time, we probably blocked access for both farm vehicles and any emergency service vehicles that might be required. There is the likelihood that it could be a race participant that needs an ambulance! I realise that parking is limited, but I am hopeful that the two starts will again alleviate some of the problems here.

8\. Finish: just as you reach the tarmac adjacent to the factory car park. REMEMBER YOU MUST FINISH TOGETHER. DO NOT COME THROUGH THE FINISH LINE UNLESS YOU ARE TOGETHER AND MAKE SURE YOU HAND YOUR ORIENTEERING CARD TO THE TIMEKEEPERS. If, for any reason, you have done the third leg and are warming down from Holl, take off your number before you come through the finish. Also, make sure all supporters stay behind the finish line so as not to obstruct the officials’ view of the incoming last leg runners.

9\. Remember this race depends on the goodwill of the landowners and their permission to cross their land. The course is so designed that you are not required to cross boundary fences or walls other than by gates, stiles or gaps and there is no necessity to be in any farmyards. Please respect their property and afford them every consideration.

10\. Team Captains: it is incumbent on you to transmit this information to the members of your teams. Please check your start-times on the Fife AC website’s Bulletin Board and inform us in advance of the race of any changes to your noted start. The numbering system reflects the start time and any undisclosed changes would obviously affect the results.

Frank McLaren, Secretary, Fife AC
