---
title: "Elsie Scott's Celebration Weekend"
date: 2014-04-01
excerpt: "_Message from Peter Baxter:_  On 5th/6th April I am having a celebration weekend to scatter Elsie's ashes on Cademuir hill. The idea is to bike on Saturday; Party on Saturday night; And a long run around Elsie’s favourite places before scattering her ashes about 13:00 on Sunday 6th April. We’ll have tea and sandwiches afterwards.  '  '"
---

_Message from Peter Baxter:_

On 5th/6th April I am having a celebration weekend to scatter Elsie's ashes on Cademuir hill. The idea is to bike on Saturday; Party on Saturday night; And a long run around Elsie’s favourite places before scattering her ashes about 13:00 on Sunday 6th April. We’ll have tea and sandwiches afterwards. Depending on weather we will have both an MTB and road ride on 5th April (Sat) leaving from the Baxter residence at 13:00. Routes will be approx. 2 hours, with a longer ride for those who need to work up a thirst…

Elsie’s Celebration Party will commence at around 4pm on Saturday 5th April in Peebles. There will be a big easyup out the back for overspill and overnight accommodation. Party should finish about 10pm-ish, as we have a big day ahead. Sunday has two options; a long hill run visiting Elsie’s favourite spots (the Grotto, Hammy Hill etc (approx. 3.5 – 4hr), the short version is to make your way to the top of Cademuir Hill, where we will scatter Elsie’s ashes at 13:00, if I get the timing/hangover right.

Soup and sandwiches have been arranged at Peebles Golf Club from 14:00 onwards. There will also be a bar for those in need of yet more refreshment…. There will be a slideshow to celebrate the wonderful life we have had. Children are most welcome.

[Walker's map for Sunday 6th April](http://chris-upson.com/Elsie/ElsiesAshesWalkersMap.pdf)

[Runner's map for Sunday 6th April](http://chris-upson.com/Elsie/ElsiesRunMap.pdf)
