---
title: "SHR Scottish Championships - Final Results"
date: 2014-10-13
excerpt: "Congratulations to all the winners and to all 86 people who have earned a fabulous SHR mug ! Also thanks to all the race organisers for letting us use your races. So after the last race at Meall nan Tarmachan the winners are:   Seniors: Men - Al Anthony (Ochil HR); Women - Jasmin Paris (Carnethy) ......  '"
---

Congratulations to all the winners and to all 86 people who have earned a fabulous SHR mug ! Also thanks to all the race organisers for letting us use your races.

So after the last race at Meall nan Tarmachan the winners are:

Seniors: Men - Al Anthony (Ochil HR); Women - Jasmin Paris (Carnethy)  
Over 40s: Men - Kenny Richmond (Shettleston); Women - Veronique Oldham (Cosmics)  
Over 50s: Men - Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy); Women - Valerie Houston (Westerlands)  
Over 60s: Women - Jane Kerridge (Deeside); Men - Ewan Paterson (Moray RR)  
Over 70s: Men - Gareth Bryan-Jones (Ochil HR)  
Under 23s: Women - Kirsty Rogan (Forres H); Men - James Waldie (Carnethy)  
Senior Teams: Men - Carnethy HR; Female - Deeside R  
Over 40s Teams: Men - Carnethy HR; Female - Cosmic HB

A lot of these runners are previous or defending champions but first time champions are Jasmin Paris; Valerie Houston; Jane Kerridge & Kirsty Logan. Gareth Bryan-Jones won the Over 60s ten years ago and has made a come back after his 70th birthday ! For Kenny Richmond, Stewart Whitlie, Ewan Paterson & James Waldie this is the third time they have won their particular category, while for Veronique Oldham it is the fourth! For Al Anthony it is "only" the second time he has become champion (he previously won in 2012) but he joins a club of illustrious names as a multiple senior champion i.e. Alan Farningham; Dermot McGonigle; John Brooks; Mark Rigby; Andy Curtis; Dave Rodgers; Brian Marshall and Jethro Lennox.

Carnethy continued their domination of the both Male Team Championships ... not surprising as they have just become the first Scottish club to win the British Men's Team championship. It was the north-east who took the honours in the women's as Deeside had a great tactical result to win the Senior Women's for the first time, while Cosmic took the Over 40s.

The listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2014 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2014 - Female.xls) for women.

or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:andy.spenceley@btinternet.com) SHR Statistician

[Photos](https://www.flickr.com/photos/scottishhillrunners/sets/72157648744092521/)
