---
title: "Bishop Hill Race  Report & Results"
date: 2015-03-01
excerpt: "Wins for James Waldie (Carnethy) and Sarah Adam (Westerlands) at the Bishop Hill Race on Sunday 1st March"
---

The race took place in conditions better than expected. It was cold and windy but the worst of the showers held off during the run. As usual though the summit marshals Gus Bowman and Derek Jablonski were glad the race wasn’t any longer!

James Waldie ran away to a convincing win over Andrew Gilmore (both Carnethy) who was also well in front of Ochil’s Bob Wiseman. Stuart Sanderson was first over 50 for Penicuik just ahead of MV40 winner Graham Nash (Carnethy). Lochtayside’s Herbie McLean took the over 60 prize and Bob Beveridge (Lomond) again won the over 70s. 16 year old David Elder was first junior in a very creditable 17th place overall.

It was a much closer affair in the ladies race. Westerlands over 50 runner Margo James forced the pace uphill but was pipped by one second at the end by team-mate Sarah Adam. Another supervet, Joan Wilson (Lomond) was third. This left Denise Burns (Lomond) and Julia Connor to battle it out for the V40 prize, Denise winning by 20 seconds.

Six Impressive and enthusiastic lads did the junior race, turning at the halfway gate. There were raised eyebrows from some strong runners in the senior race as the top juniors got to the gate before them!

1st Iain McWhinnie Fife AC 11-28

2nd Gavin McWhinnie Fife AC 12-08

3rd Ross Wyse Fife AC 13-30

4th Andrew Nash Carnethy 16-16

5th Tyler Stevenson Falkland TR 17-06

6th Ben Cowan Fife AC 19-55

Richard Gatehouse, Race Organiser

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0018&Year=2015)
