---
title: "Falkland Hill Race Report"
date: 2015-06-24
excerpt: "Report from the race organiser"
---

A sunny afternoon greeted the 61 starters at Falkland this year. The race coincides with the Falkland Festival and a throng of spectators was on hand to watch and applaud. Every runner got a rousing clap and cheer as they grappled with the unforgiving quarter mile of tarmac that leads to the village fountain.

It may be short, but East Lomond is steep with a knee-juddering descent.

It was a day for the young and the old to triumph. Under 17 Calum Kitching (Banchory/Stonehaven) came home first, well ahead of two veterans, Cameron Watson (Lomond) who held off Dundee Hawkhill’s Iain Anderson.

In fourth was over-50 winner Steve Fallon (Carnethy). Highly placed in 15th was Falkland Trail Runner Tony Martin, first over 60.

Looking fresher than many of the others was over 70 leader and well-known local Bob Beveridge who waved and smiled at his fans on the run in.

The cup for the first local went to Sean Duffy who was 6th overall.

Jill Stephen of HBT won the women’s race with junior under 20 Holly Burns (Carnethy) in second.

Catherine Matthews (Dundee Hawkhill was first over 40 and Joan Wilson (Lomond) first over 50.

Many thanks to the helpers, including those who offered assistance on the day if needed, it made for a good atmosphere.

Richard Gatehouse, Race Organiser

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0066&Year=2015)

[PHOTOS from Patrick Mallett](photos.aspx?RaceID=RA-0066)
