---
title: "Cruim Leacainn Results"
date: 2015-12-30
excerpt: "Wins for Ross Campbell (HHR) and Lucy Wells-Cole at the Boxing Day race."
---

**Cruim Leacainn Boxing Day Hill Race 2015**

Tradition has it that Boxing Day was the day after Christmas when servants and tradesmen would receive gifts known as a 'Christmas Box', and being the second day of Christmas there were two turtle doves lurking somewhere nearby.

A slightly more bizarre tradition exists in Lochaber Athletic Club (LAC) on the second day of Christmas when they rendezvous at Torlundy, a mile or so north of Fort William, for the annual Cruim Leacainn Hill Race – an eclectic mix of tarmac, mud, gorse and heather. 'Boxes' do arrive, though these ones are filled with mince pies, biscuits, tiffin and cakes for the post-race feast, but there was no sign of the turtle doves.

The fifty-one starters were mostly LAC members with around a dozen, very welcome, visitors from as far away as Perth and Tomintoul. With long periods of heavy rain over the past month, the route, which is partly on an old General Wade's Road, was particularly wet and muddy which delighted the traditionalists, whilst drawing a few groans from the lovers of tarmac and forestry track. A cold stiff breeze greeted the runners at the summit of Cruim Leacainn and a warm cup of soup greeted the muddied competitors as they crossed the finishing line.

With such varying conditions we're not sure if there is a course record, but Ross Campbell of Highland Hill Runners came in first with a time of 46:27, a few seconds faster than last year’s winner. Second place went to Andrew Barrington (LAC) in 48:03, with another LAC member, Michael Bossard third in 48:37. Lucy Wells-Cole was the first lady home in a time of 1:01:52 – Diana Challands was not far behind her with a time of 01:03:10.

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0111&RaceYear=2015)
