---
title: "Kirk Craigs Christmas Cracker"
date: 2015-12-29
excerpt: "KIRK CRAIGS CHRISTMAS CRACKER RACE REPORT 2014 ...   '"
---

After what seemed like a month of rain, the morning of the inaugural Kirk Craigs Christmas Cracker hill race dawned sunny and mild with only light winds, tempting a field of 88 runners to come along and work off some of the Christmas cheer.

Whilst the overhead conditions were favourable, the going under foot was decidedly soggy making the flat trot through fields at the start and finish much tougher than it might otherwise have been and making the steep descent of Kirk Glen extremely slippy.

First home and breaking his season duck in the last race of the year was Al Anthony (Ochils) in a time of 38:36, followed by Sam Alexander (Westies) in second place, and Dan Gay (HBT) in 3rd. Dan was also 1st MV40 ahead of Brian Marshall (HELP). Alan Smith of Deeside was 1st MV50, and Brian Brennan of Westies was 1st MV60.

First in the female race was Catriona Buchanan (Ochils) in a time of 45:12 with Sarah Wiseman also of Ochils taking second on her training hill and Michele Hetherington of Helensburgh 3rd. Michele was also first Vet ahead of Sarah Legge (Fife).

Runners retired to the Centenary Hall, Tillicoultry for the prize giving, where tea, pies and cakes were in plentiful supply.

The new race appears to have been well received and this is due in no small part to the many people on the course and in the hall that helped make it happen.  
[RESULTS](RaceResults.aspx?RaceYear=2015&RaceID=RA-0693)

Grant Baxter 27/12/15
