---
title: "Traprain Law Results"
date: 2015-06-15
excerpt: "Wins for James Addie (Dunbar) and Jill Stephen (HBT)"
---

After near tropical weather for a couple of days a cold easterly airstream brought good conditions for the runners, but not so good for the village Gala revellers. Despite competition from the Durisdeer Race we still had a healthy 72 starters on a rather chilly start line more like late October than mid-June. Some over-exuberant concern about the Exmoor ponies eating our flags led to the rather frantic addition of Cusson’s Imperial Leather talcum powder-sprayed arrows, making this the most fragrant Traprain Race ever. The ascent route diversion to avoid the rock slabs was not received with enthusiasm as competitors battled with the gorse bushes on the ascent line. So back to the drawing board here.  
Dunbar’s James Addie took advantage of the missing competition over at Durisdeer and had a storming run well away from the nearest pursuer, returning an impressive 40-26 despite the gorse bushes. Keith Hood (Corstorphine) and Colin Doig (HBT) were 2nd and 3rd. Jill Stephen of HBT took the women’s trophy in 48-26, with Rhona Anderson (Dunbar) 2nd woman. Men’s team prize went to Dunbar and women’s to Carnethy. See results for other placings.  
This is the last race under present management, which has organised the event for just short of 30 years. It’s time for a generation transfer and an injection of new ideas to preserve this unique East Lothian event. Volunteers to make it happen next year please!  
_Keith Burns_

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0055&Year=2015)
