---
title: "Tinto Hill Race - Online Entry Now Open"
date: 2015-10-05
excerpt: "The SiEntries link for online entry to the race on Saturday 14th November is now open."
---

[https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?event\_id=2199](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?event_id=2199)

Race Registration is on the day at Symington Sports Hall – just off the main road between Lanark and Biggar. Please register between 12.30 and 1.30pm (the hall is no more than a 10 minute drive to the start). Start time is 14:00. When parking around the registration hall please do so with consideration for the local residents and bus operators. For the race itself please park in the public car park or at the foot of the hill with consideration for the residents. Please do not park in the tea room car park or on the grass verge corners at the main road junction. Please car share where possible.

Although on good paths, the race follows an unmarked course that crosses ground above 2000 feet.

Competitors must take primary responsibility for their own safety on the hills, including carrying sufficient safety equipment throughout the race to be able to navigate and protect themselves in the worst possible winter weather conditions. Competitors must have the following minimum kit with them at all times during the race: waterproof jacket with hood, waterproof overtrousers, hat, gloves, whistle, and map and compass suitable for navigating the course. This is the minimum kit requirement for this event, but you are responsible for carrying any additional items you consider necessary for your own protection given the conditions, or as the race organiser may dictate on the day. Kit checks will be made prior to race start.

The minimum age is 16. There are no prizes for juniors. There is a separate Tinto Junior Hill Race which has an under 18's category, more details of which can be found on the Carnethy HRC web site.

If you retire from the race you must inform the nearest marshal and return your number to the race organiser before you go home.

**Race Category:**  
AS, 4.4 miles, 1500 feet climb

**Course Records:**  
Men: J Brooks 29:58 (1995)  
Women: A Mudge 33:43 (2003

Presentation of prizes will take place back at Symington Sports Centre after the race where refreshments will be available.

This race is organised by Carnethy Hill Running Club. Carnethy Hill Running Club is a company limited by guarantee incorporated in Scotland with registered number SC492072 and having its registered office at 25a Stafford Street, Edinburgh, EH3 7BJ

All enquiries regarding entries to Race Director **Cameron Scott**  
Email: [**tinto@carnethy.com**](mailto:tinto@carnethy.com)
