---
title: "Slioch Horseshoe - 2015 SHR Championship Race"
date: 2015-03-31
excerpt: "A message from the race organiser"
---

Due to a family bereavement the online entry for Slioch is a little behind schedule. I'm currently testing the online application set up and can't imagine it being much more than a few days before we can open. An announcement of the actual date will appear here on the SHR site and on the race Facebook page.  
  
A reminder that this is a serious (but fantastic), ...big hill route requiring suitable navigation experience. The course will not be marked and you will be expected to navigate safely to each check-point. It will be particularly challenging in poor visibility. As such there is a minimum entry requirement of 3 Cat AL/AM races in the past 2 years. Minimum age 18. There will be no entry on the day.  
  
The start is at Incheril (GR 037 624) approx. a mile from registration at Kinlochewe Hall. All runners will be kit checked at registration and they will not receive a race number until this is passed. Spot checks may occur at any point in the race and at the finish. Any runner found jettisoning kit will be disqualified.  
  
Each runner must pass through the following:  
  
Bridge crossing: GR 012 657  
  
Checkpoint 1: Sgurr Dubh Cairn GR 014 675 (Cut-off 1hr 45mins)  
  
Checkpoint 2: Slioch trig summit GR 004 688  
  
Checkpoint 3: Slioch true summit GR 004 691  
  
Checkpoint 4: Sgurr an Tuill Bhain summit GR 018 688  
  
Checkpoint 5: Burn crossing GR 027 674 (After CP4 keep left of ‘Meall Each’ – 525m. Do not go back down path between Sgurr Dubh and Meall Each or you will miss this checkpoint!)  
  
Bridge crossing GR 012 657:  
  
Note, the ridge before CP4 has a narrow section. Descending from CP4 to CP5 is very steep and rocky in places particularly just before CP5. Hopefully nobody will need the dentist at the finish line!

John Hitchen (Race Organiser)
