---
title: "The Law Breaker"
date: 2015-06-26
excerpt: "Report & Results"
---

The Law Breaker 2015 – Race Report

There was a good turnout of 88 runners on a wet but warm evening for the 8th edition of the Law Breaker. Conditions underfoot were therefore slippy, especially on the steep rocky sections at the head of the Mill Glen, but thankfully there were no injuries to report. Nevertheless full body cover was asked for this year just in case, despite the relative shortness of the course at 5.3km.

Visibility was never going to be great on such an evening in the Ochils, but the cloud cover wasn’t too low to excuse Joe Symonds (Shettleston) going the wrong way not long into the first part of the climb. His lead even at this early stage was sufficient that he unfortunately didn’t hear the shouts of the chasers, themselves going the correct path. As a result, Joe’s quicker than expected time meant an unfortunate disqualification, handing 1st place overall to Gregor Stewart (Westerlands) in a time of 37.34. Next in was Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) in 38.29, followed 20 seconds later by Owen O’Neill (Westerlands) in 38.49.

For the women, Madeline Robinson repeated her win from last year taking 59 seconds of her time in the process to post 47.14, while Jill Stephen (HBT) was a solid 2nd in 48.04. Third place was taken by F50 runner Val Houston (Westerlands) in 50.40.

The other headline category winners this year were Brian Marshall (HELP) for M40, Steve Fallon (Carnethy) for M50, and Davy Duncan (Ochil) for M60. The corresponding ladies winners were Mairi McIntosh (Ochil) for F40, Michelle Hetherington for F50, and Pauline Symonds (Howgill Harriers) for F60.

Full results can be found at www.thelawbreaker.moonfruit.com

Thanks must also go to Ochil members Dave, Alayne, Grant and Catriona for their invaluable assistance on the night.

One final point to note. I had two complaints from residents about parking on the roads adjacent to the burn. It would be appreciated if runners take a moment when parking next year to ensure they are not causing an obstruction that would prevent an emergency vehicle the size of a fire engine from gaining access to these neighbourhoods. The continuing viability of the race from its current location relies on keeping the goodwill of these residents.

Andrew Wright

Race Organiser

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0569&Year=2015)
