---
title: "Lochaber Winter League"
date: 2015-11-20
excerpt: "Details of the Winter League races run by Lochaber AC"
---

**Lochaber AC Winter League – 2015/2016**

**Winter League 2015 -2016 Rules and further Information**

• Race Category Definitions: Short: Anything up to 5.0 miles, Medium: 5.1 to 9.0 miles, Long: 9.1 miles or more.

• The age Category you start the league season in you will remain in until the end of that season.

• All participants that complete 5 races, (one from each category and any 2 others) will receive a winter league t-shirt.

• All 16 -18 Category participants that complete 4 races, (from 6 races in the Short & Med categories) will receive a winter league t-shirt (sponsored by Ace Enterprises).

• In addition, anybody that has done 4 races (one from each category and any 1 other) and Marshalled/organised at another race qualifies for a t-shirt.

• All Winter League races to start at the same time to avoid confusion 11.00am. Registration from 10.00am To 10.30 am

• The race number given at the first race you participate in, will be the same number for you throughout the league.

• Where possible, if a league race is cancelled due to bad weather etc., an alternative race will be organised.

• Decisions regarding taking the wrong route etc, will be referred to the full LAC committee with race results put “on hold” until a decision is made.

• Race Entries £1.00

**Prize Categories**

Prizes: 1st,2nd,3rd in all male and female age categories, Best Newcomers, Most Improved Male And Female and spot prizes.

Male/Female 16–18, Senior Male/Female 19 – 39, Male/Female Vets 40, 50, 60 & 70

**Races**

1\. 15/11/2015 **Canal Bank** Short (4-5 miles)

Registration – Moorings Swing Park Car Park

[aileenduncan@live.com](mailto:aileenduncan@live.com)

2\. 22/11/2015 **Druimfada** Medium (6-8 miles)

Registration – Rodgers House at Annat. Parking at “Hasbro”

[lauracb67@hotmail.com](mailto:lauracb67@hotmail.com)

3\. 29/11/2015 **Nevis Range Loop** Long (13-14 miles)

Registration – Nevis Range Car Park

[emma.pearce@outwardbound.org.uk](mailto:emma.pearce@outwardbound.org.uk)

4\. 13/12/2015 **Bheinn Bhan Bash** Short (3-5 miles)

Registration – Erracht, Glen Loy

Ben Tel: 07833687278 [ben@neviscycles.com](mailto:ben@neviscycles.com)

5\. 10/01/2016 **River Bank** Medium (5-7 miles)

Registration – Lower Falls Car Park, Glen Nevis

[graham.macnab@btinternet.com](mailto:graham.macnab@btinternet.com)

6\. 24/01/2016 **Leanachan** Long (9-10 miles)

Registration – Nevis Range Car Park

[stuart@heathercroft.wanadoo.co.uk](mailto:stuart@heathercroft.wanadoo.co.uk)

7\. 14/02/2015 **Black Water Dam** Long (11-12 miles)

Registration – Ice Factor, Kinlochleven

[nancyk57@me.com](mailto:nancyk57@me.com)

8\. 28/02/2015 **Cow Hill** Short (4-5 miles)

Registration – Braveheart Car Park, Glen Nevis

[ian@ianadams7.wanadoo.co.uk](mailto:ian@ianadams7.wanadoo.co.uk)

9\. 13/03/2015 **Glen 10K** (Medium 6.1 miles)

Registration – Claggan Park Car Park

[n.macbeath@solicitors-scotland.com](mailto:n.macbeath@solicitors-scotland.com)

Note, there are Junior Races at Canal Bank, Leanachan and Cow Hill
