---
title: "Dumyat Dash Results & Report"
date: 2015-11-05
excerpt: "Report of the Dumyat Dash race on Saturday 31st October"
---

**Dumyat Dash 2015 – race report**

It’s hard to believe another Dumyat Dash has been and gone such is the blur of the hill running year. What it does mean though is that autumn is truly here. The end of October weather was as usual unpredictable. While some parts of the country basked in 20°c temperatures, and others shivered in the fog, the record turnout of 125 runners gathered in Menstrie, faced a combination of these elements. From lining up in sunshine to being pelted by driving rain literally within 30 seconds of the start made sure no-one was going to have it easy. The course continued the theme.

This is the second year of using a shortened from original route, and feedback from 2014 meant adding in a scree slope and the extra summit of Castle Law to make an already tough 5.5km course tougher. Tom Owens (Shettleston) and Al Anthony (Ochils) made short work of it however, with Mannie Gorman (Westerlands) not far adrift. This order was maintained to the finish back in Menstrie, all three coming in in under 35 minutes. Performance of the day though must go to F40 Shona Robertson (Shettleston), who flew round in 36.57 to finish within 5 minutes of Tom and 8th place overall. Catriona Buchanan (Ochils) and Christina Rankine (Kilbarchan), also turned in strong runs to finish 2nd and 3rd females respectively. Full results are now published for all other placings.

Many thanks once again to the marshals who ensured everyone got around safely, and to Vicki, Dave and Ewan who assisted at the finish. It turns out that 109 bananas were enough for everyone in the end!

As an addendum; every year of organising this event generates some lessons to be learned. From ensuring that in 2016 runners get spread out before the bottleneck path, to trying to perfect an efficient registration system. However, one thing that stands out is the increasing number of new and non-affiliated faces to the scene. This is obviously good for the sport but with caution. The priority is ensuring that everyone, be it competitors and marshals are safe and have a good time. The key difficulty is being in a position where a runner signs up and not until the race has begun does it become apparent that they are not prepared from a fitness perspective to be out in the hills, and then subsequently ignore the advice and direction of the marshals. This then places their own safety at risk as well as the various marshals who are then obliged as a duty of care to ensure that that person remains safe. To do otherwise would be gross negligence. Discuss…

Andrew Wright

(Race Organiser)

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0611&Year=2015)
