---
title: "Trotternish, 6th June"
date: 2015-06-08
excerpt: "Yes, June, not mid-winter.  Strong winds and the prospect of heavy rain showers forced the organisers to shorten this year’s '  '"
---

Strong winds and the prospect of heavy rain showers forced the organisers to shorten this year’s R.House Trotternish Ridge Race to 12 rather than the usual 17 miles. Out of a full field of 75 entrants only 44 decided to take part on the day.

From the normal start at Flodigarry the runners enjoyed a relatively sheltered opening couple of miles in the lee of the Quiraing’s cliffs. However, after crossing the bealach road they were exposed to what was at times a gale force wind as they battled their way along 7 miles of the Trotternish Ridge before descending from Bealach na Leacaich to finish in Glen Hinnisdal. With the cloud lurking from below the summit of Ben Edra onwards this made for some pretty epic conditions although thankfully the rain mostly held off.

The conditions didn’t stop the race being hotly contested. Local man and well known ultra-runner Donnie Campbell (1:50:49) only pulled away from second placed Konrad Rawlik of Carnethy Hill Running Club (1:51:03) on the final descent. Another local, former Celtman Triathlon winner, Alex Glasgow, running for Nevis Cycles, (1:51:36) was in close contention throughout before falling away a bit in the final ½ mile. It was less of a contest in the woman’s race where Jasmin Paris, Carnethy Hill Running Club, continued her fine form to come in first lady and 4th overall in 1:59:44. Second was Kerstin Leslie (2:17:41) and third was Sue Wood (2:35:26).

Thanks must go to the marshals for helping to make the race happen in very difficult conditions, also to the helpers at ‘ground level’ who prepared and served food to some very grateful runners. Thanks also to Peter Martin for the use of his shed to shelter in at the finish! Prizes were donated by Talisker Distillery. Last but not least, thanks to our 2015 sponsors, [R.House](http://www.ruralhouse.co.uk).

[Results](raceresults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0650&Year=2015)
