---
title: "Birnam Hill Race - Provisional Results"
date: 2015-04-03
excerpt: "Provisional Results for Birnam plus full results for the other two Highland Boundary Races - River Tay Dash & Deuchary Hill Canter"
---

# Birnam Hill Race 28 May 2015

Birnam Hill saw the first Scottish Hill Runners championship of the year with over 240 competitors. The class of the competition saw one of the finest fields assembled in Scotland for a Scottish championship for a few years. The field spread out quickly and the short but sharp climb up to Birnam Hill was reached first by Joe Symonds followed closely by Wegene Tafise and Andy Fallas. The muddy conditions proved tricky in places with a few falls but most runners got home safe. The race went to the wire with Wegene Tafise getting away from Tom Owens and Andy Fallas on the final undulating mile. The ladies race was equally competitive with the closest finish in years, with record holder Claire Whitehead finally pipped in the last mile by Jasmin Paris. Recent Carnethy winner Charlotte Morgan fell on the descent but bravely ran in to the finish 3rd some 20 seconds behind. Another equally competitive race ensued in the mens vet 40 category with Stewart Whitlie (vet 50) outkicking several others including Dan Whitehead for the vet 40 category.

There is a video link for the race at [https://youtu.be/djG1kRaurUM](https://youtu.be/djG1kRaurUM)

A number of competitors did not pass the number and kit checks prior to the start and these have been highlighted with a view to disqualification (D after your name in the results). Given recent safety history and legal implications for organisers we have ultimately taken the view that runners must be compliant with the rules which were clearly stated on entry as a SHR championship event. Therefore unless there are significant reasons given to the organiser following these provisional results then those listed will be disqualified from this race. However I do hope you can give some feedback if there were any mitigating circumstances and or there are any issues, such as names, times or place changes with the results. Organisers and marshalls can only do their best in a big field of entrants on a short course such as this one with many people finishing together so apologies if we have missed you (as some people were recorded twice).

Adrian

[River Tay Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0555&Year=2015)

[Birnam Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0556&Year=2015)

[Deuchary Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0557&Year=2015)
