---
title: "Ballater Games Race - Results & Report"
date: 2015-08-18
excerpt: "Wins for Jamie Parkinson (Dartmoor Runners) and Clare Whitehead (Deeside Runners)"
---

Summer came to Ballater just in time for the annual highland games.

  

The race involves over a kilometre of flattish running through the village, over the River Dee and then straight up the hill, the climb is fairly brutal in ascending 180 metres in about 700, up round the cairn and then straight back down the way you come up, avoiding the ascending runners (hopefully) and back through the village to finish with a well deserved lap of the games park.

  
  

It was a lovely sunny day when 60 runners set off round the games park and out into the village to compete in the Craigcoillich hill race. Unfortunately, one very well known Cosmics runner managed to trip over his shoe laces and damaged his knee (and pride) within 100 metres of leaving the park on the lovely smooth tarmac road, get well soon Bob!

  
  

The race unfolded with Jamie Parkinson from Dartmoor Runners getting to the top in a fairly rapid time, followed by Jake Shelley, Dan Whitehead and James Espie in close order. Jamie continued to build his lead and came in to the finish to record a very creditable time of 17:33 which was only 34 seconds outside the 37 year old record set by noted Cumbrian fell runner Fred Reeves. James descended well to overhaul Dan and Jake to take second with Dan taking third.

  
  

The ladies race was won by Clare Whitehead in a new record time of 20:38 in finishing 7th overall, Steph Provan took a very clear second place in chasing Clare home and Lucy McLeod held off the fast finishing Kirsty Coombs to take third.

  
  

As always at the Ballater games hill race there were folks from all over the world competing (Canada, Netherlands, Germany, USA and England), the Oxford University XC club were on a tour of Scotland and several of their members competed as well.

  
  

One other notable entrant was Sandy Chalmers from the Anster Haddies, who having just turned 82 completed the race in a pretty decent time of 40:27, is Sandy the most "experienced" hill runner out there?

  
  

Thanks as always to all the folks who ensure the race can take place, Braemar Mountain rescue, games officials and my poor put upon nephew Calum who climbed the hill and took the times at the top.

  
  

Andy Bain

  

(Race Organiser)

[Results](RaceResults.aspx?RaceID=RA-0465&Year=2015)
