---
title: "Red Moss Kips Results & Report"
date: 2016-06-11
excerpt: "Wins and new course records for Andy Fallas (Carnethy) and Georgia Cottle (Edinburgh Uni H&H) at the Red Moss Kips Race on Wednesday 8th June. Full results now on the website and report from RO, Jamie Thin attached."
---

Red Moss Kips Hill Race 2016

Another fine summer evening for 10th Red Moss hill race in the Pentland hills behind Balerno.  
Great conditions - dry under foot, sunny with a cool breeze - and both ladies and men's course records were broken!  
Red Moss is unashamedly biased in favour of cyclists and old people!  
Free entry on the day if you cycle to the start , and free bottle of beer if you beat your age in mintues!

Like many hill races - car parking is the limiting factor for numbers.

Parking was smoother this year , now nearly half the runners arrive by bike ( over 50 cyclists this year!!)  
Is this a record for a Scottish hill race!  
Thanks to all those cyclists - and cycling there is the best way to warm-up !  
Both the new record holders for the ladies and the men cycled to the start

\--

The race itself was close at the finish :

For the men it was Andy Fallas (Carnethy) winning in a new course record of 41.02 from Murray Strain (HBT) in 2nd and James Waldie (Carnethy) in 3rd.  
Andy beat Hector Haines old record from 2014 by 38 secs.

For the Ladies it was a clean sweep for the girls in green - Edinburgh Uni Hares and Hounds  
In 1st place and first U23, was Georgia Cottle in a new record time of 48:31 ,taking 2 mins off Sharon Bird's old record  
In 2nd Jess Husbands and 3rd Beth Hanson.

Still none of them were able to beat their age in minutes! so they will have to go faster next year!

Following good socialist principles - there is a lot of redistribution at Red Moss.  
The car drivers subsidise the cyclists, and the fast people who don't make it to the pub for soup and the prize giving  
subsidise the 'drouthy neebors, neebors meet' who do make it to the pub!!  
Sorry girls - you can only claim your prizes if you make it to the pub !! - so you will have to claim a free drink at the next HBT v Hairies skittle and beer night out!!  
The consolation was that James Rogers and Paul Cross of HBT won several bottles of Pinot Grigio ( traditional Trottette tipple) for having the largest blisters!!

First old person to beat their age in minutes was the ever-fast Don Naylor (HBT) who was first MV40 in 42:13 , ahead of Gordon Clarke of CAAC

1st MV50 was Peter Buchanan (Portobello) - who had a close battle with Neil ('Harry') Gilmore and Des Crowe - the first 3 MV50s were all under 50 mins and showing no sign of slowing down yet!!

1st MV60 was Gordon McCaffrey of Westies who beat his age by nearly 8 minutes ( or is that years!) - Gordon is nearly 62! and raced round in 54 mins. Gordon has set a marker for all the rest of us!

1st MV70 was Ian McManus of Irvine AC in 93 minutes - good effort - I'll be glad if I can still get up the hills in my 70's!!  
For any older runners, there is an early start 30 mins early at 7pm , so even if you are beginning to slow down you can still enjoy the race!

For the Lady veterans :

1st FV50 was Fiona Carver of CAAC in 56:43 just beating 1st FV40 Gillian Cairns of Penicuik Harriers by 6 secs

Thanks to the small team of HBT helpers on the day! and the local residents and local landowners who continue to support the race, and Paul at the very friendly Grey Horse Inn.

\*\* Now a quick sales pitch - Can I get a list of any other volunteers who could help on the day at start or finish next year !!- I've got a big birthday next year and want the chance to win a bottle of beer and do battle in the MV50s! - after 10 years of doing finish results ... it's time I got back to racing!! \*\*  
email me - Jamie.thin@gmail.com if you could be persuaded - I need a few more volunteers - the race survived this year on just 7 volunteers, me, my daughter Sinead, YP, HBT Capt Twiggy and Jamie B. on car parking, Jill marshalling on the first Kip and David running round the back as sweeper. We could do with a few other volunteers on results at the finish next year!!  
Rule of thumb is that you should volunteer to help out at one race for every 10 you run! (Ok there is a bunch of big commercial races now where you pay your money, and can scoot off afterwards Scot free, but the lifeblood of the sport is the wee local races run by volunteers, like Red Moss and your local parkrun ) \*\*
