---
title: "Cruim Leacainn Hill Race Results and RO Report"
date: 2016-12-27
excerpt: "Wins for Finlay Wild and Lisette Walter at Lochaber’s Boxing Day Race."
---

Storm force winds and heavy snow showers greeted the runners as they arrived for Lochaber Athletic Club's annual Boxing Day Race at Torlundy, a mile or so north of Fort William. A barely audible phone call from race Marshals on the summit cairn suggested the race might have to be cancelled as they had been blown off their feet several times, but fifty, steely eyed runners saw it differently and decided to “give it a go”

The six mile race cuts off from Torlundy along General Wades military road towards Highbridge amongst a welter of mud, bracken and gorse, terrain much loved by officianados of cross country running. The final section heads up to the summit of Cruim Leacainn, the wee hill, often seen from the main road, up behind the Great Glen Cattle Ranch.

Seven times Ben Nevis race winner, Finlay Wild, was the first to survive the shotgun style pellets of snow and hail on the summit ridge to canter in with a winning time of; 00:46:18, with new Lochaber resident, Lisette Walter, the first lady home in; 01:00:38. As usual there were lots of individual battles within the ranks and full race results can be seen on the SHR Results tab.

Meanwhile a few race facts might serve to titillate the mind.

51 runners completed the course of which 39 were male. More than 50% of participants are over 40. Two of the three summit Marshals are octogenarians. One runner suffered from hypothermia at the finish, but quickly recovered, several others shivered a lot! 40 Choux Buns were consumed after the race having been bought for 5p each from the supermarket on Christmas Eve, 40 mince pies and piles of sandwiches also disappeared rather quickly. And, maybe, amongst many other facts we should give a special mention to Richie Collins, who despite suffering from Cerebral Palsy, takes part in this, and all the other club's races throughout the year.....well done Richie.

Jim Hamilton

Lochaber AC

Full results on the SHR Results tab
