---
title: "British Fell and Hill Relay Champs at Luss"
date: 2016-10-24
excerpt: "Great results from the Scottish clubs at the FRA Relays on Saturday 15th October."
---

Last Saturday (15th Oct) saw the British Fell and Hill Relay Champs at Luss on Loch Lomond. The relays were run by teams of six (2 individual legs and 2 paired legs) from all across the British hill running community. A glance through the results on the attached link will pick out many recognisable names.

The Scottish clubs who entered teams all gave a very good account of themselves.

The Shettleston team (Joe Symonds, Jethro Lennox, Alasdair MacLeod, Oleg Chepelin, Kenny Richmond and Tom Owens) were 2nd to 1st placed Dark Peak in the Male Open category. They were followed by HBT in 3rd, Ochils in 5th, Carnethy in 8th and Edinburgh Uni H&H in 15th.

The Westies B team got 24th against the Westies A team who were 33rd so maybe a few selection issues to be discussed for next year………….

The Male V40 category was won by Borrowdale and the Carnethy team (Mark James, Neil Gilmore, Bruce Smith, Mike Andrew, Steven Fallon and Stewart Whitlie) were the winners in the Male V50 category and 23rd overall.

The HBT girls (Claire Ward, Jill Stephen, Claire Gordon, Briony Curtis, Megan Mowbray and Georgia Tindley) won the Female Open category and were 29 th overall with Carnethy 5th and Ochils 14th respectively in this category.

And the Fife AC team were 2nd in the Female V40 Category.

The Mixed Category was won by Barnoldswick, with HBT in 2nd and Carnethy in 3rd.

Westerlands CCC were the organising club this year and they did a fantastic job. Many thanks to Sharon and her team for putting on such a good race and providing excellent Scottish hospitality.

[http://www.sportident.co.uk/results/2016/BritishFellRelay/stage1\_fell\_relay\_relayoverall.html](http://www.sportident.co.uk/results/2016/BritishFellRelay/stage1_fell_relay_relayoverall.html)
