---
title: "Applecross Duathalon"
date: 2016-02-22
excerpt: "The 13th Applecross Duathalon will be on Saturday 17th September. Entries will open on SiEntries on Satuday 4th June"
---

**The 13th APPLECROSS DUATHLON will be held on Sat 17 Sept.**

**RACE 1.30pm – CHALLENGE 12.30pm.**

**9 mls on foot / 15 mls on (road) bike / 3,000 feet ascent & descent**

**_ALL ARE VERY WELCOME:_** _**YOUNG OR OLD, RACERS, FUN RUNNERS & WALKERS**_

This is a small friendly event run over arguably the most spectacular route of any Duathlon in Scotland. In the words of one former winner, **_“I can honestly say it is one of the most enjoyable events in the country….. it is a winning formula in one of the best parts of Scotland (if not the world!).”_**

The Start is near Hartfield House (the Venture Trust building) which is signposted from the road round Applecross Bay. From there you follow the ancient right of way rough path through wild and dramatic terrain across the Applecross peninsula to the north coast, near Kenmore, on Loch Torridon. The highest point on the path is at 260m, 250m above the Start. From Transition, at Arrina, you cycle 15 miles, round the coast road, to the finish at the award winning Applecross Inn, in the main village. The cycling route gives stunning views of Loch Torridon and across the Inner Sound to the Skye Cuillin.

Tea (lots of home baking) and prize giving (lots of trophies), after the event, are in the Applecross Community Hall which is also used for Registration. For those able to extend their visit, a great day can be completed by joining fellow competitors for dinner in the Walled Garden restaurant.

The Mens’ record of 1.41.01 is held by Ewan Taylor and the Ladies’ record of 1.52.52 by Stephanie Provan. Although a testing race course even for the strongest competitors it can be done as a challenge by any reasonably fit person and previous entrants have ranged in age from 11 to 78.

The Entry Fee is just £6. All profit from the event goes to the Applecross Hall funds.

All enquiries regarding entries to Event Organiser **GERRY MCPARTLIN**  
Email: [**Gerrymcpartlin@aol.com**](mailto:Gerrymcpartlin@aol.com)  
Telephone: **01520744454**

\- See more at: [https://applecrossduathlon.com/](https://applecrossduathlon.com/)
