---
title: "Inaugural “Scottish Borders Hill Race Series”"
date: 2016-03-16
excerpt: "The Inaugural “Scottish Borders Hill Race Series starts at Chapelgill on Saturday 19th March"
---

This Saturday sees the first race in the Inaugural “Scottish Borders Hill Race Series” sponsored by James Jones & Sons Ltd. The series consists of 10 short to medium races throughout the Borders over the Spring and Summer. It is open to anyone over 18 years old and participants will have to complete a minimum of 5 races to get a series placing – if more races are completed then your 5 highest finishes will count.

For faster runners there a bit of prestige to compete for, but overall the idea is to promote the different races throughout the beautiful Scottish Borders in an increasing busy calendar and hopefully motivate to get out and enjoy the hills and have a bit of fun.

There is no additional fee or registration required to enter the series. To take part you simply need to enter the participating races as normal which are mainly Entry On the Day. Modest prizes will be awarded for the overall male and female winners with extra prizes for the fastest Borders resident or club member (if not the overall winner) and veteran classes

Series Co-ordinator Colin Williams, Club Secretary of the Moorfoot Runners, said

The series will be a real show case for what the region has to offer. The races stretch all across the Borders; from the north with the Baddinsgill Round in the Pentlands Hills by West Linton; to the Devil’s Beef Tub race in straddling the Dumfriesshire boundary in the west; Yetholm Hill Race in the Cheviots in the east which includes a foray over the English border; and the final race Penchrise Pen by Stobs Castle near Hawick in the south. Events are located in all of four historic Borders Counties of Peebles, Selkirk, Roxburgh and Berwick and with Chapelgill by Broughton, kicking off the series on Saturday 19 March 3pm, one of the most relaxed and shortest (but steepest!) hill races in Scotland at about 1 ½ miles long with 1,300 feet of climb and typically has about 40 competitors, compared to the Eildons Three Hills Race from Melrose at the end of June which doubles as the 2016 Scottish Championship Hill Race and already has almost 200 pre-entered with over 3 months to go.

Full details can found online here: [http://bordershillraces.blogspot.co.uk/](http://bordershillraces.blogspot.co.uk/)
