---
title: "Dollar Hill Race Report"
date: 2016-07-05
excerpt: "Full race report from the Race Organiser"
---

Running Gods were kind to Dollar this year. After morning downpours, gales and reports of thunder in the area, this wasn't going to be a great day for running, even less so for the poor marshals. But come 2pm, the last of the showers passed and the race was blessed with excellent weather with the strong winds only affecting those under 8st. Thanks to Dave 'Mary Berry' Scott, our team in the kitchen and those who donated home bakes, weight won't be an issue come their next race.

75 runners enjoyed the 2016 run with Kristian Jones of Dark Peak first home in 1:13:45. Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) arrived back in 1:20:15 with Steve Feltbower (Ochil) taking 3rd 1:24:10

Kenny was also first V40 with Jonathon Knox of Anster Haddies taking V50 cat. (1:31:12). Dave Scott (Ochil) found time between h'orderves and his showpiece creation to win the V60 category (1:44:44), with Bill Fairley, Carnegie, taking V70.

The womens race was won by Charlotte Morgan, Carnethy, who finished an excellent 8th overall in 1:31:49. Anwen Darlington, Dundee Road Runners, proved she's handy on hills too by taking 2nd. (1:39:00). Gillian Godfree (Ochil) was 3rd female (1:46:25)

Fife ladies proved they were better than the Fife men by taking all the remaining categories. Sarah Legge, V40 (1:50:01), Hilary Ritchie, V50 (1:50:27) and Margaret Martin, V60 (2:06:22)

Thanks to all runners for making this a thoroughly enjoyable day. Thanks to our marshals for looking after the runners safety, our volunteers at the pavilion, to Dollar Academy for providing a wonderful venue, and to Chris Seabrook and his team at local brewers Harviestoun who sponsor Ochil races. Hope to see you all next year.

Race Organiser.
