---
title: "Scottish Hill Runners lunch and prize giving – 29th October 2016 – BOOKING NOW OPEN!"
date: 2016-09-21
excerpt: "The prize giving this year will again be held after the Dumyat Dash race on 29th October. The race is at 1100 and we will be providing a 3 course buffet lunch at around 1300 in the Dumyat Centre, Menstrie and a talk by Jasmin Paris...."
---

**Scottish Hill Runners lunch and prize giving – 29th October 2016** – **_BOOKING NOW OPEN!_**

The prize giving this year will again be held after the Dumyat Dash race on 29th October. The race is at 1100 and we will be providing a 3 course buffet lunch at around 1300 in the Dumyat Centre, Menstrie.

This will be followed by a talk by Jasmin Paris on her latest amazing long distance exploits! This year Jasmin broke the ladies record for the Bob Graham Round, the Paddy Buckley and set and the overall record for the Ramsay Round, all by significant margins.

The prize giving for the SHR championship and the Long Classics will be after Jasmin’s talk. As well as the prizes, hopefully we will have the mugs ready for all those who have completed the championship! We expect proceedings to be finished between 3 and 4pm.

**Tickets are £10 per person** . Please book as soon as possible so we know how many to cater for!

Please notify Angela Mudge by email at angela.mudgeATbtinternet.com that you plan to come and make your payment, preferably via internet banking or bank transfer to Scottish Hill Runners at the Bank of Scotland:

*   **Sort code 80-11-10**
*   **Account number 00598107**

· Create a payment reference based on the letter L for Lunch then your surname and the first part of your post code (e.g: “LUpsonG12”)

Alternatively please send your payment to Angela Mudge, Little Crinigart, Station Road, Gartmore, Stirling, FK8 3RR. Cheques should be made payable to Scottish Hill Runners.
