---
title: "Deeside Runners Night Race Series"
date: 2016-10-30
excerpt: "Deeside Runners are proud to present probably the best night hill race series in the world. Or if not the best then the cheapest..."
---

Deeside Runners are proud to present probably the best night hill race series in the world. Or if not the best then the cheapest. Three races, all from fabulous Deeside cafes and all in the best forests Scotland can offer. Not that you’ll see much, it will be dark. Each race is about 8km long with 200m of climbing. We have tried to avoid fire roads as far as possible so the courses are mainly on narrow paths, sometimes with a bit of vegetation to get through, maybe a few fallen trees, a few wet holes to fall in, sometimes there isn’t really a path at all, but on the whole the running is pretty good and the courses are quite fast. They are marked with our famous little bits of sticky reflective tape, which don’t sound much but are amazingly bright when you shine your head torch in the right direction. If you don’t have a torch however they are completely invisible so we recommend carrying a spare. Deeside forests at night can be very dark if your battery is flat.

Each race costs £2 to enter and starts at 8pm. All the details including a map are on [www.deesiderunners.com](http://www.deesiderunners.com). The races are:

**Thursday December 8th 2016: Cnoc Dubh**, Riverside Cottage Café, Cambus O’May.

**Friday January 13th 2017: Dess Woods**, Deeside Activity Park, Dess, Aboyne.

**Thursday February 9th 2017: Potarch**, Potarch Inn, Kincardine O’Neil.

There will be prizes! But you only pay £2 to enter so don’t expect too much. We won’t do a series prize because we’d only argue about how to decide it (and anyway, there won’t be any money left) but if anyone does all three races and can convince themselves they were better than everyone else, feel free to call yourself king or queen of the night-time hills.

In order to help with registration, we ask anyone who is likely to run to register in advance. There are links for each race the website. This doesn’t cost anything, and we won’t mind if you don’t turn up, but it makes a big difference to the organisers and gives us a much better chance of starting on time.

Although the courses are so well marked you won’t get lost, in case you do you have to carry a map and compass. Also just in case you get injured, waterproofs, a hat and gloves. If the weather is particularly cold, bring something appropriate to wear. We will run the races in pretty much any conditions, but if the roads are too bad to get there we will postpone and put a message on the website and facebook. We will also email everyone who has registered in advance (another reason for doing this).
