---
title: "Cowal Games Hill Race"
date: 2016-08-09
excerpt: "The Cowal Games Hill Race will take place at Dunoon on Saturday 27th August."
---

The Cowal Hill Race, sponsored by Argyll Financial Services, will take place on Saturday 27th August and will see the runners set off from the town centre before scaling ’The Camels Hump’ (Tom Odhar) and then racing to the finish line in the stadium itself. It is roughly 5km with a climb of 616ft and a spectacular finish on the running track in front of a packed stadium.

On the day registration for runners will be in Argyll Gardens in Dunoon town centre from 10.00am. At 11.00am the pipe band will then play and march the runners along the main street to the official starting point by the Burgh Hall. Every runner that takes part will receive a medal with trophies for the 1st male, 1st female and 1st local runners home. The presentations will be at 12.15pm on the west platform in the stadium. All runners kit will be transported to the stadium for the finish where there will be shower facilities available for all runners.

Entry for this race is £5 for Scottish Athletics members and £7 for non members. As the race finishes in the stadium this includes your entry fee (usually £13). Attractions in the stadium are The World Highland Dancing Championship, Ceilidh tent, Heavy athletics, Mass Pipers, Beer tents and much much more.

This will be a great race and a great day out and we anticipate that many running clubs will want to make this a regular annual trip "doon the watter"! Entries are restricted to 100 so enter now to avoid disappointment.

Online entry is available now by following this link:

[http://www.cowalgathering.com/competitors/entry-forms/cowal-hill-race/](http://www.cowalgathering.com/competitors/entry-forms/cowal-hill-race/)
