---
title: "An Teallach Results"
date: 2016-07-18
excerpt: "Wins for Ally Beaven (Unattached) and Sue Wilby (HHR) at a shortened An Teallach race on Saturday 16th July"
---

Many thanks to all HHR members who turned up to run as without your support it wouldn't have been much of a race. The forecasts weren't much of an encouragement for people to travel any great distance, hence the much reduced entry.

Given the weather at the base and the forecast it was fairly certain that the shortened version to the 863m spot height on Sron a' Choire would have to be run, and the hill marshals radio messages left us in no doubt. The prizes should have gone to them this year for enduring such vile weather for so long.

The race split into two halves from the start. The path runners and the 5 or 6 gully runners. David Wilby and Ally Beaven (Glenmore Lodge) did the gully up, and down, with David leading the way up and Ally reversing the positions on the way down. Ally finishing in 61:40 and David in 67:04. Alec Keith V50 finished in third place in 73:08 doing a combination of part way up the gully an path down.

So which is the best way? Sue Wilby V40 did the path up and down, finished first lady in 4th place in 79:57, so if you get the path right who knows? Shona Mackie was 2nd lady in 87.06 and Gill Irvine V50 3rd in 88.07

There was plenty of after race food and prizes with Sue winning the star prize in the raffle, (no fix involved here, honest)

On the organisational front, everybody finished safely, we made the correct shout in shortening the course, having good radio comms was vital under the conditions and surely we can't be unlucky enough to get such vile weather in July again.

Ray Wilby (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
