---
title: "Alex Brett Cioch Mhor Race Report"
date: 2016-03-31
excerpt: "Race report from RO, Russell McKechnie"
---

Alex Brett Cioch Mhor

Its was dry the day before, on race day a lot of rain had soaked the course making the going a bit tougher, luckily the river stayed low. a record turn out of 78 hardy hill runners registered. Some great running was about to develop and as it went stories of fences, blood, water and heather. The race started and there was a feeling of a wry smile from above. HHR Sam Hesling and Tim Gomersall, Grampian ran hard at the front regularly swapping places Sam ran stronger in the last quarter finishing first a minute outside the record, Tim finished second although first prize for fence jump style. Ally Beaven U/A finished in third.

Great win for HHR Shona Mackie in the ladies race pushed by Lina Mardall, Deeside in second. Lesley Clark, Cosmic third. HHR won both the team races Sam, Jack, Henry and Shona, Sue, Sheryl. Two M70s in the race, my hats off to you Ray Wilby 1:36 and Joe Holden 1:42 and Ray accompanied me round the race route the day before.

11 runners in the Junior SAL counter race that started shortly after the main race, telling them not to sprint from the start was a waste of time, much to bemusement of some runners they soon made their way through the back of the field in the main race. First was Danny McPake in a very fast time of 24.29 , second Keir Beaton third Finlay Rutter, Junior Ladies Grace Whelan followed by Niamh Whelan.

Many thanks to Ray for sharing the organisational duties, Lynda and David for sourcing local prizes, gratefully given by Cockburns, GlenWyvis Gin and Gary Cambell. Sandy for the hand crafted trophies. Permission to cross the fields from Watsons and Macintyre. The legion that baked and of course the marshals and Dundonnell Mountain Rescue team, flowers for Lynda and Alicia the Ladies behind the making of the race. There was a wry smile from above right enough.

Russell McKechnie
