---
title: "Caerketton Doonhill Race Report & Results"
date: 2016-09-08
excerpt: "Wins for Iain Gilmore (Carnethy) and Hilary Ritchie (Fife AC) at the second of the SHR Downhill race series on Wednesday 8th September."
---

Caerketton Doohiller, Wednesday 7th September 2016

51 seniors and 21 juniors turned out for the 15th Caeketton Doonhiller. Conditions were fairly warm but overcast, and very dry underfoot.

The juniors were off first, primed and ready to go at 6.55pm, after an expertly led warm up by Carnethy’s own Mr Motivator, Mark Hartree. Dexter Howard (Lasswade) led the field home in 2min 51secs, only the second sub 3min run ever posted over the course. He was followed in by the first girl, Anna Burnett (Carnethy), who set a new girls record (by 15 seconds) of 3min12secs.

Race veteran Chris Downie (Penicuik) was first starter in the senior event and was followed off the summit cairn at 15 second intervals by the rest of the field. Once again it was a Gilmore brother who came out on top, this time Iain Gilmore (Carnethy), who took the win in 5min 17secs. Course record holder Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy) managed joint second with Stuart Brodie (Ochils) in 5min37secs. Both Iain and Andrew have been battling injuries recently so both posted excellent performance on the night given the challenges they’ve been facing.

Highlight of the senior race was a new vet 60 record posted by Les Turnbull (Norham). Les is a renowned descender and shows no signs of letting the speed drop, posting 6min10secs for the course. Fastest lady was Hilary Ritchie (Fife), finishing only 9 seconds outside her own vet 50 course record, in 7min40secs. The other category winners were : Men - under 20 – Charlie Burnett (Carnethy) in 6min20secs, vet 40 – Nick Leslie (Ochils) in 5min48secs, vet 50 – Steven Fallon (Carnethy) in 6min02secs, Women – senior – Lauren Anderson (Unn) in 8min48secs, vet 60 – Jocelyn Scott (Fife) in 8min48secs.

The race was the middle event in this year’s ‘Get a Grip’ downhill series, which concludes at The Nebit Downhill in the Ochils next Wednesday (see the SHR website for details).

The evening was rounded of by the fun prize giving where there was just about something for everyone, ranging from the cheap and cheerful to some quality outdoor kit. Don’t miss out on the fun next year!

Mark Johnston

(Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab

And the current series standings can be viewed here -

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Downhill_2016_r2.xls)
