---
title: "Caerketton Hill Race Results and Report"
date: 2017-08-10
excerpt: "Wins and new course records for Jonathan Crickmore (Dark Peak) and Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) at the Caerketton Hill Race on Wednesday 9th August."
---

**Race Report**

Another great turnout for Caerketton Race on Wednesday evening with 108 runners taking part in the senior race. Junior race also had an excellent turnout with 22 taking part in the earlier race.

Lovely evening aside from midges at the finish!

Some excellent times at the sharp-end, with Jonathan Crickmore (Dark Peak) holding off 2017 bog-and-burn series winner, James Espie (Deeside) by 3 seconds to record a time of 17.51. This was first time anyone has run under 18mins on the new course which has been used since 2012. Jonathan’s new course record took 17 seconds off previous record set by Gregor Stuart in 2015. The sprightly Don Naylor (HBT) finished in 3rd place overall in a time of 18.37.

Fresh from her superb run (7th place) at the World Mountain running champs at weekend, Charlotte Morgan also had an excellent run, taking 28 seconds off her own course record to record a time of 20.23 which was good enough for 11th overall. Podium places for the ladies were made up of Georgia Tindley (HBT) and Jennifer Cruickshanks (Fife AC) who recorded times of 21.39 and 24.57 respectively.

Junior race was won by Dextor Howard (Carnethy) in a time of 10.57 ahead of Angus Carlyle (Moorfoot), 11.42 and Sam Kitchin, 11.50. First girl home was Ailsa Bagnell (Corstorphine) in a time of 13.09 in what was I think her first hill race. Halyey Whitlie (I’m sure I recognize that name) Carnethy was 2nd with Eva Hurrel (U/A) 3rd with times of 14.42 and 16.06.

Great to see so many runners out again so thanks to all for coming along. Also a big thanks to those from the club who helped out with registration, marshalling, time keeping, etc. Much appreciated.

Stewart Whitlie
