---
title: "Red Moss Kips Race Result and Report (Part 2)"
date: 2017-06-24
excerpt: "Jamie Thin's Race Report too big to fit on one SRH page!!"
---

Race Report Part 2

Congrats to Murray Strain (HBT) who got the better of Tom Martin (HBT) at the finish, with both just ahead of James Espie (Deeside). Murray was back in 42:15 - a minute outside the record. Slower conditions this year with the heavy rain.

Don Naylor (HBT) was first MV40 in 44:03 , and possibly the first runner to beat their age in minutes?? just ahead of Phil Mowbray (HBT)

Liam Braby (Carnethy) was first MU23 in 44:48.. Liam you are handicapped in this race for being too young!! no chance of beating your age in minutes!!

In the ladies race, Rachel Newstead (Carnethy) was first in 54:09, followed by Val Houston(Westies) who was 2nd lady and first F50 in 55:11, 3rd lady was Helen Wise (Carnethy) in 60:59.

2nd lady v50 was Hilary Ritchie (Fife AC) in 62:01

1st Lady V40 was Andrea Wilson (Penicuik) in 66:09

Now for the old men!

Jamie Thin (HBT) was first V50 in 49:20. Race organisers don't often get the chance to race in their own races !! so thanks to Ian Campbell who took charge of the start and finish so I could have a crack at beating my age now I'm the youngster in a new age category!!

I was delighted to get round in 49 mins, it helped that Chris Upson was breathing down my neck for the last mile!!

Les Turnbull (Norham) and Davie Duncan (Ochil) both had great races in the MV60 , they are both aged 62 now and paced it perfectly , both beating their age in minutes ,

Les was first back in 61:10, and Davie wasn't far behind in 61:42.

Ian McManus (Irvine AC) was first MV70 , great to see Ian is still getting out and enjoying it. There is no reason to stop racing, Ian gave himself a half-hour head start and was the first up the kips and then ran back with the rest of the field. If anyone else wants an early start next year - catch me at registration on the day of the race , and I can set you off early.

Other MV50 notables who beat their age in minutes were:

Harry Gilmore, Des Crowe , Tim McCall , Stuart Saunders, Duncan Ball ,Ian Duff and Bruce Malcolm - good going guys!

For the ladies the target is to beat their age + 25%, Congrats to Val Houston and Hilary Ritchie who both got under this mark - good going ladies!

Apols if I have missed a few! The finish was a bit chaotic in torrential rain and most folk scarpered for the pub and shelter!!

There is life in the over 50s yet!! Vet50 is the new 40!! and Vet60 is the new 50!

This is a race where everyone is a winner if you make it to the Grey Horse Inn!

Bottle of beer if you beat your age in minutes, and various prizes for everyone else!.

Thanks to Ian Campbell, Peter Gardner, Jill Stephen, James Jarvis, YP, Joanne , Sinead and the other helpers and marshalls - who all got soaked helping at the race this year. Much appreciated, and we only get to race if we each offer to help out from time to time!

Special mention to last finisher Romana Gorjanc (Penicuik) and sweeper Jill Stephen (HBT) who had the worst of the weather and hail on the Kips and survived!!

The cyclists had the last laugh as they got free race entry, free soup and could safely have a few beers before cycling home ( even if was still raining!!)

Thanks to the local landowners for permission to run this race again this year.

Reminder for next year - compulsory kit check for full body cover - make sure you bring your safety kit with you to all hill races - no kit , no race!!

Cheers

Jamie

Full results on the SHR Results tab
