---
title: "Lochaber AC Winter League 1"
date: 2017-12-11
excerpt: "Results for Druimfada and Race Reports for the races in the Lochaber Winter League so far"
---

The results for the Druimfada race on Sunday 26 November, are now on the SHR Race Results tab.

This was the second of the Lochaber AC Winter League races and there have now been four races completed – The Braveheart (19th Nov), Druimfada (26th Nov), the Beinn Bhan Bash (3rd Dec) and the Nevis Range Cours Loop (10th Dec).

The next race will be Cruim Leaccain on Boxing Day and there are a further three race in the New Year – River Bank (7th Jan), Figure of 8 (4th Feb) and Cow Hill (25th Feb).

Full details can be found on the Lochaber AC “Winter League Calendar 2017/2018 here :-

[https://www.dropbox.com/s/zd3yxilz7wbnniq/Winter%20League%20Calendar%202017%20-%202018.pdf?dl=0](https://www.dropbox.com/s/zd3yxilz7wbnniq/Winter%20League%20Calendar%202017%20-%202018.pdf?dl=0)

And race reports from Jim Hamilton for the four races to date are below :-

**Braveheart Loop Race Report 2017 – 19th November**

It was a beautiful day in Glen Nevis for the first Winter League race of 2017/18. 55 runners took part.

First over the line was Denis Prikulis from Vegan Runners in a time of 21:50 a new record for this race. Second was John Yells LAC in 23:18, third Steven Trail, LAC, in 23:34. First MV40 was Manny Gorman, Westies in 24:30, first MV50 was Geoff Simpson, HBT, in 26:00 and first MV60 was LAC’s Mike Connolly in 28:49.

First female was Lisette Walter, LAC, in 26:47, 2nd female was LAC Sarah MacDonald in 27:57, hot on her heals was 3rd female Keri Wallace, U/A, in 28:08. First FV40 was Vikki MacKinnon LAC, in 29:13, First FV50 was Nix Forster, LAC, in 32:13.

Many thanks to Marshall’s - Hughie MacIntosh, Ian Adams, Catriona MacLean, Joanne Mackin, Andrew Cameron and finally to the time team - Jim Hamilton, Ellen Morrison, Pamela Hamilton and Aileen Duncan.

**Druimfada Chase Race 2017 – 26th November**

A good turnout in snowy and sometimes icy conditions for the second winter league race, the Druimfada Chase. Denis Prikulus continues his winning form with a time of 50:14, followed by Lochaber runners John Yells in second and Tom Smith in third. Tom was also first mv40.

Lochaber ladies had great race with Keri Wallace flying home in a time of 1hr and 42 seconds, with Lisette Walters taking second and Sarah MacDonald in third. Well done to all the runners and special Thanks to all the marshals and helpers who make these races happen, Billy, Darren, Peter, Rodger, Margaret-Rose, June, Jon, Jim, Ian, and Jo.
