---
title: "Charlie Campbell's Munros"
date: 2017-04-02
excerpt: "17 years after Charlie Campbell achieved a remarkable Munros record, it has finally been written up and published ..."
---

For those of us able to remember, there was a certain postman who used to run with Westerlands CCC and he did something that few of us who knew him thought he would manage. This is Charlie Campbell, who not only broke the record for the fastest time to complete all the Munros, but did it in a manner that has still not been repeated. Yes, there are new records, but, as far as I am aware, Charlie is the only one who did it self-propelled on land and water. Not only did he cycle between the mountains, he also swam between Mull and the mainland and at various other crossings he donned the necessaries and got swimming. And remembering the year of Charlie's accomplishment (2000AD) I remember the weather as being generally awful that summer, but don't dread, judge for yourself what it was like. Now, the point of this item is to bring to the attention of SHR members the fact that Charlie managed to beat the record of the time for conquering the Munros in 49 days. However, his biggest challenge was writing all about it, and that has now taken 17 years! But the good news is that he has at last published his account of his accomplishment and it is called: Millennial Munros – A Postman's Round. This has been published in Scotland by a small publishing house in Glasgow called Ringwood Publishing. The account has maps and routes and he even mentions the weather along with a heap of other information for all the budding record breakers. And you might well recognize some of the names that are mentioned, of the people, as well as the hills, or even both... For £9.99 it's a bargain (no I'm not getting a cut!).

[MILLENNIAL MUNROS - A Postman's Round](download.aspx?item=Charlie_book.pdf)

  
ISBN: 978-1-901514-33-9  
Ronnie Gallagher
