---
title: "Trotternish Ridge Race Entries on SI Entries"
date: 2017-01-09
excerpt: "SI Entries link open"
---

SI Entries Link - [https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event\_id=3352](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=3352)

**Start** Flodigarry GR 463709  
**Finish** GR 504526

Over 18's only

17 miles 6000ft ascent approx. The course is unmarked apart from the first two miles through the Quiraing and there are few paths. The race is over rough and steep terrain. Runners are expected to make their own way between six checkpoints, therefore runners must be competent with map and compass. The grid references for checkpoints will be released closer to the race as they are subject to SNH conditions.

Cat Long A Race

Registration from 9-10 at Portree High School

All competitors will be transferred to start of race from Portree and back from finish by courtesy coach.

All runners must have completed two AM races or have relevant experience.

All runners must carry full body cover including hat and gloves, must also carry relevant map, compass and whistle.

Water will be available at checkpoints 2 and 4 which will be manned.

There will be a flagged escape route from the ridge at CP 4.

There will be a prizegiving and refreshments at Portree Community Centre, Portree on the evening of the race.

Race organized by Skye and Lochalsh Running Club.

The race will be run under Scottish Hill Runners kit requirements and that the organisers may insist on participants carrying a survival bag depending on weather condition. All participants will receive an email with instructions closer to the event.

Entry limit: 150

All enquiries regarding entries to Event Organiser **Neil Turner**  
Email: [**neilsturner@btinternet.com**](mailto:neilsturner@btinternet.com)  
Telephone: **01470 532490**
