---
title: "Gypsy Glen Race Results and Report"
date: 2017-05-19
excerpt: "Wins for Tom Martyn (HBT) and Susan Ridley (Edinburgh AC). Tom created a new CR."
---

Gypsy Glen Hill Race 2017 report

  

The race was a success and described in nut shell by Mike Pearson as:

Nice evening, good run, great atmosphere, everybody happy!

Many thanks for Mike Pearson as race organiser again, and Peebles Community Council providing marshals and registration, and the other Moorfoots helping with the event - Alan MacDonald, Eddie Balfour, Lucy Colquhoun, Ruth McKean, Kenny Davidson, Colin Williams as course setters and start and finish line crew.

  

The 2017 Gypsy Glen Hill Race had an outstanding entry of 73 runners and was won by Tom Martyn of Edinburgh based Hunter's Bog Trotters who broke the course record, set only last year, going under the 31 minute barrier for the first time ever to clock 30:46. First woman home was Peebles' own Susan Ridley, Edinburgh Athletic Club, winning the woman's overall title for the 5th time in 9 years, as well as being the first female veteran. Lots of clubs represented with the largest contingents from Portobello, Moorfoot Runners, Pencuik Harriers and HBT

  

Out of the Moorfoots in action this year, Mike led the way and was first home closely followed by Darin (3rd and 4th Vet respectively). Dave Gaffney had his first outing as a Moorfoot with a solid performance and Mairi Wallace placed as first female senior (3rd Female overall) with the stand out Moorfoot performance in her first race on the course. Alan, Pete, Donald and Alex were all very close with the order changing depending on the part of the course they were on (up vs down vs trail vs road) with Alex placing as third F Senior so great result for the first time at the race. Mairi Davidson did very well on only her second hill race ever so congratulations.

  

Moorfoot Runners

  

Full results on the SHR Results tab.
