---
title: "Kirk Craig Christmas Cracker Race Report and Results – 23 December 2017"
date: 2017-12-27
excerpt: "Wins for Ben Hukins and Michelle Hetherington at the Kirk Craigs Race"
---

After several weeks of cold, icy but largely dry conditions, a slow thaw, with only a bit of rain, left the course in almost perfect condition for this year’s race. The race day weather was overcast and breezy but mild, which combined with the good ground made it perfect for a course record or PB.

A change of date to a pre-Christmas slot didn’t seem to have a negative effect on numbers, with 73 runners turning out. Wanting to keep the race to a Saturday, the only other choice was 30thDecember, which seemed a bit too far past Christmas, and close to New Year to be truly considered a Christmas race.

Ben Hukins (Cambuslang) was first home in a new course record time of 37:20, shaving over a minute off the old course record held, appropriately enough, by second placed Al Anthony (Ochil), who himself also dipped under his previous best. Third was former Kinross runner, now competing for Falmouth, Jacob Dobson.

Only two and a half minutes separated the first three females, with Michelle Hetherington (Westies) leading home Fiona Kelsall (Ochil) and Hilary Ritchie (Fife).

Overall, it was a good day for the veterans, with Al Anthony also taking first MV40 place and Michelle first FV50. Hilary was second in this category and Fiona was first FV40.

Adrian Davis (Lomond) was first MV50, with Digby Maass (Carnethy) and Judith Dobson (Kinross) taking the respective V60 prizes.

After the race, pies, cakes and tea were once again consumed with great enthusiasm back at the Centenery Hall. There was an extra award at the prize-giving for Ochils’ own Mairi McIntosh who turned 50 on race day. Mairi was hoping to celebrate her birthday by racing, but unfortunately broke her shoulder a few days before the race. This didn’t stop her from coming along and even marshalling on the hill!!

Once again, the race raised money for Play Alloa, with a total of £300 being raised on the day by entry fees and donations.

A huge thanks to the support team making sure the race runs smoothly and safely, and the pies, cakes and tea are in plentiful supply!

A poll of runners at race registration voted unanimously for 22 December being the preferred date for next year’s race…… Hope to see you then.

Grant Baxter

Full results on the SHR Race Results tab
