---
title: "Final SHR Championship Positions !"
date: 2017-09-11
excerpt: "Here are the final results after the Beeftub, with 93 people earning a valuable SHR mug.  The championship listings are '"
---

At last, this is what you've been waiting for, the final spreadsheet. In a quite exciting championship, some categories went right down to the last race, in particular the Senior Women's was only decided at the Beeftub.

No surprise in the Senior Men's as Finlay Wild (Lochaber) won; more of a surprise is that it is only the second time he has completed the series. There was a new name in the men's Over 40 as Dessie Flanagan (Carnethy) took the title, but a very old name (not apparently in body, though!) in the Over 50s as Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) won for the 6th time in this category. Philip Kammer (Cosmic) improved on his 3rd of last year to win the Over 60s, while Doug Milligan (Solway) dominated the Over 70s. For once the Under 23s category was quite competitive with Ross Gollan (Shettleston) taking the win in a close 5 way contest.

Stephanie Provan (Deeside) retained her title in the Senior Women's but had to fight to the last race to hold off the HBT duo of Miranda Grant and Jill Stephen. Shona Robertson (Shettleston) took the Over 40s, after missing out last year, while the Over 50s was exactly the same podium positions as last year, so Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) retained her title. Christine Menhennet (Westerlands) easily won the Over 60s and has now won each of the age categories. Myrtle Breckenridge (Shettleston) took the Under 23 title.

Carnethy won the Senior Men's team (for the 16th time since 1999) and were joint first in the Over 40s with Shettleston, while Hunters Bog Trotters won the Senior Women's for the second time (previously winning in 2012). Fife retained the Women's Over 40 team, a category they seem to dominate.

93 runners have completed the championship this year. 70 men and 23 women (including under 23s) have earned a superb mug (provided you have paid your SHR sub!).

The championship listings are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2017 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2017 - Female.xls) for women,  
or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
