---
title: "Caeerketton Downhill Race Results & Report"
date: 2017-09-07
excerpt: "Wins for Alex McVey (Carnethy) and Lizzie Knox (Anster Haddies) at the Caerketton Doonhiller on Wednesday 6th September"
---

Wins for Alex McVey (Carnethy) and Lizzie Knox (Anster Haddies) at the Caerketton Doonhiller on Wednesday 6th September.

Caerketton Doohiller, Wednesday 6th September 2017

51 seniors and 13 juniors turned out for the 16th running of the Caerketton Doonhiller. There was no downhill series this year due to no organiser being found for The Nebit Downhill (any volunteers, or a new race…?), so the number of non-Carnethy runners was slightly down this year. But that was compensated for by the fact the race is now within the Alternative Carnethy 5 series run by Mark Hartree (see the Carnethy website for details) so there was a stronger than ever turn out from the host club.

The Bishop Downhill had taken place the week before, and the victors from there, Stuart Brodie (Ochils) and Lizzie Knox (Anster), both put in strong performances at the Doonhiller.

Lizzie took the win on the night in 6min 35secs from Lindsay Doig (Carnethy) and junior runner Ailsa Bennet (Fife), both of whom joined the sub 8 minute club (along with Sandra Scally (Carnethy) in 4th).

Stuart was pipped by 5 seconds by Alex McVey (Carnethy) who took the win in 5min 33secs. It was Alex’s 4th sub 6min Doonhiller, and his persistence and consistency has finally paid off! Race record holder Andrew Gilmore (Carnethy), returning from injury, took 3rd. There was a healthy turn out of junior (U20) runners in the senior race with two in the top ten (Ritchie Gardiner 7th, Struan Bennet 10th).

No age group records were broken this year, and times were generally slightly slower despite a following wind on the top. There was a rather narrow section in the gorse which didn’t leave much room for error that may have contributed. Sheers may be required before next year’s race! There were reports of some runners not passing Hillend cairn on the left-handside (one of the very few route rules!), so please take a note of that for next year!

It was a family affair in the junior race which headed by Alasdair Bagnall (Corstorphine) in 3min 28secs, and sister Ailsa, first girl in 3min 51secs. The Whitlie, Jones and Lupton families also featured strongly.

Thanks to some fine work by Ian Nimmo and the finish helpers, the results were computed in rapid time for the extensive prize giving. Many thanks also to the helpers on the hill and see you (the runners!) all next year for some more doonhilling fun…

  

Mark Johnston (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.
