---
title: "Traprain Law Results and Report"
date: 2017-06-12
excerpt: "Wins for Harry Holmes (Pudsey & Bramley) and Jill Mykura (Carnethy) at the Traprain Law Hill Race on Saturday 10th June"
---

It was a warm, dry and muggy day at East Linton gala day, perfect conditions of the Traprain Law Race. Well, it was a tad windy, but that shouldn’t have troubled the runners too much. The main concern was the previous rainfall, and its influence on the river crossing prior to Traprain itself, but a quick safety inspection prior to the race resulted in a positive result: the crossing was on! Snorkels were offered to the shorter runners, and cake was recommended to those that looked a little light, but otherwise the race was ready to go!

Harry Holmes of Pudsey and Bramley took to the front and held a solid position all the way to the finish, nearly a minute ahead of his nearest rival, Dessie Flanagan of Carnethy. Behind Dessie was another 30s of fresh air before young Neil Wilson of Glasgow Uni. Jill Mykura romped back to claim the female prize, followed shortly after by Jenny McCall of HBT and then Jenny Gries (unattached). A quarter of the field were Carnethies, so we already had a bit of an advantage with the teams, securing both male and female team prizes. Dessie, Anthony Hemmings and Chris Busby contributed for the male team prize. Jill, Sally Best and Hilary Spenceley all contributed to the female prize.

83 started, 83 finished, including a bold Jonathan Weir who registered for the race 5mins after the starters had left the field and then passed 22(!) runners on his way round! Excellent work! All that was left was to pack up the wind-ravaged race tent, and enjoy a traditional East Lothian gala day: teas, coffees, cakes, beers, music, and I assume a witch burning at some point. Massive thanks to race director Colin Elder and his support crew.

Jim Hardie,

Secretary, Carnethy HRC

Full results on the SHR results tab.
