---
title: "Lee Pen Hill Race Report and Results"
date: 2017-07-16
excerpt: "Wins for Peter Hodkinson (HBT) and Charlotte Morgan (Carnethy) at the Lee Pen Hill Race on Saturday 15th July"
---

The St. Ronans Borders Games always start with the Lee Pen Hill Race which had a total of 30 entries this year.  
It's 3 miles straight up with 1,200 feet of climb and then foot burning descent.  
The stand out performance was Charlotte Morgan, Carnethy's Scottish and GB Hill International, broke the woman's record setting a new mark at 28:26, finishing sixth overall. The race was won outright by the fast time of 25:43 by Peter Hodkinson of Hunters Bog Trotters, with two veteran ex-champion hill runners in the mix with Colin Donnelly 2nd (British Champ 87-89) and 3rd Brian Marshall (Scottish Champ 2005 & 2007).  
  
Two Moorfoots were in action Dave Gaffney and Colin Williams vying for the prize for first local. As the race unfolded Dave and Colin were climbing together up the steep side of the Lee Pen ridge, however as they crested Dave got a gap and then continued to climb strongly on the rocky section up to the summit where the gap was about 20 seconds which was pretty much maintained to the finish on the rather damp descent. Well done Dave who picked up the first locals prize finishing 8th in 29:33 with Colin 9th in 29:55.  
  
Many thanks to the Moorfoots who helped setting the course and help marshalling, Mike McGovern, Craig Rendle, Benjamin Hindley, and Fiona Williams, along with the Games organisers and helpers.

Full results on the SHR Results tab
