---
title: "Slioch Horseshoe Results and Race Report"
date: 2017-06-12
excerpt: "A dead heat in the Slioch Horseshoe race on Saturday 10th June. The male race win was shared by David Wilby (HHR) and Murray Strain (HBT) And Jill Stephen was the clear winner in the female race."
---

Another tough outing at Slioch in testing conditions. Less rain than in previous editions, both before and during the race itself, but a grim forecast of high winds and consecutive weekends of long, hard racing took their toll on the number of starters.

In the event the weather, although still challenging, was thankfully a little kinder than anticipated with perhaps the worst passing before the midday start. The summit marshal teams having set out before 9 am certainly experiencing the worst of it.

The small field was dominated from the off by David Wilby (Highland Hill Runners) ahead of Murray Strain (Hunters Bog Trotters) with the leader having a solid 2 minute advantage by the true summit. By CP5 at the burn the HHR man was still ahead with little sign of being caught. Although probably taken by surprise on the rapid ascent Murray had paced himself conservatively in the wind and finally manage to reel Dave in a kilometre after the final control on the home stretch.

After 5 minutes of running together the finish line was in sight and it became clear that neither was inclined to deny the other victory. A few feigned stumbles and some considerable amusement later they finished in a dead heat in 02:06:56.

There was no such dilemma in the women's standings with Jill Stephen (Hunters Bog Trotters) returning to Slioch to secure an emphatic victory over 52 minutes ahead of her nearest rival to retain the Shield.

HBT took the men's team prize narrowly squeezing out Highland Hill Runners but the Highland wifies took the honours in the women's competition.

All of the runners on Saturday are to be commended for their exceptional display of hillcraft and sportsmanship in challenging conditions, they were all a credit to hill racing.

_John Hitchen_

**Race Organiser**

[Slioch Horseshoe Race](https://www.facebook.com/sliochrace/)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
