---
title: "Red Moss Kips Race Result and Report (Part 1)"
date: 2017-06-24
excerpt: "Wins for Murray Strain (HBT) and Rachel Newstead (Carnethy)"
---

Race Report Part 1

Thunderbolt and Lightning!

Very,very frightening!!

Is this real life?

Is this a fantasy?

This was real life OK - the Red Moss lightning race!

It was dry at registration and it looked like the forecast was right and the expected thunderstorms had petered out during the afternoon.

All good. I could rest easy when doing my race organiser's risk assessment!

Even though it was mid-summer , runners were instructed to carry full-body cover to comply with the Scottish Athletics safety rules.

Good to see lots of folk cycling to the start to claim their free entry on the day. Car drivers have to pre-enter and pay to book their car parking space! Very limited car parking space , but many fewer cars this year which was great to see!!

It was warm when we set off , and all the runners were sweating up the 'agony of trees' on the tarmac before hitting the fast paths and on to the drove road on the way to the Kips. It started to rain as we climbed up the drove road. A wee bit of rain that will be fine - it will cool us down!

I was chasing the yellow vest and black W of Chris Upson's vest so I wasn't paying much attention to the clouds until there was a big lumbering roll of thunder. Ah! maybe there will be some action tonight after all, but it was a few miles away.

I wasn't sure how my legs would go after running 112km a few days earlier - funnily enough they were fine and psychologically a race with 2 hills seemed a bit easier than the 50 hills from Hillend to Trahenna and back!!

Going up the first Kip there was more thunder.. that sounded a bit closer!

I was catching a few people now we were climbing more steeply and I had a good descent off the 2nd Kip trying to keep up with Craig , then got a better line by staying on the left hand-side of the burn and nipped ahead of Craig and Chris, for the race back to the finish.

Krrack!! Jeepers! Bolt of lightning!

Very,very frightening!.. that was right on top of us!!

.. by now I was in race organiser mode again and thinking of the long snake of runners behind us and had they all cleared the tops of the Kips!??

Let's hope so, or if not , that they had the good sense to contour round the tops! It was lashing with rain now plus some stinging hail.. and conditions were getting worse and worse. No point stopping now and Chris Upson was on my heels!

Fortunately behind us, my HBT clubmate James Jarvis had seen the lightning hit Hare hill 1km away and had decided to take action. He stopped at the col before the 2nd Kip and directed the rest of runners to contour round to the west below the summit. Good man. Thanks James!

By the time the runners were back at the finish , the rain was bouncing off the tarmac and it was cold showers for everyone, even the marshalls at the finish! Very refreshing!

I was one relieved race organiser when everyone returned safely and we could all head to the pub for hot soup, beer and the prize giving.

Good racing at the sharp-end, despite the conditions.
