---
title: "Lochaber AC Winter League 2"
date: 2017-12-11
excerpt: "Reports for the two most recent races - Beinn Bhan Bash and Nevis Range Cour Loop"
---

**Beinn Bhan Bash Hill Race Report 2017 – 3rd December**

Clear skies and a calm but chilly day greeted the 48 runners who took part in the 4th edition of the Beinn Bhan Bash hill race. The melting snow made for slow going further up the hill and a very slippery descent.

First lady home was Keri Wallace in 50:18 followed by Vicki MacKinnon (Lochaber Athletic Club FV40) and Nix Forster (LAC FV50). Keri's time was not far off the women's record time of 49:37, set in 2013 by Diane Baum.

First gent home was Lochaber AC's Tom Smith (M40), just outside his personal best time, in 40:46, closely followed by John Yells (LAC - M) and Steve Macdonald (LAC - M).

Many thanks to Isla, Stu, Elaine, Ian, Ellen, Corrina, Ben and Aileen for marshalling and timekeeping, and Ben and Fiona for hosting.

**Nevis Range Cour Loop Race Report 2017 – 10th December**  
  

Beautiful blue sky with a very low temperature around -9 degrees Celsius resulted in 31 runners finishing today's race at Nevis Range. The icy roads and ankle-deep snow covering the paths didn't stop our runners to have an absolute amazing time during this race. The morning Lochaber sun reflecting of the ice crystals gave a stunning show of lights at today's race!

  

First Lady home was Caroline Marwick (Inverness Harriers AAC ) in 01:27:12 followed by Lisette Walter (Lochaber AC) in 01:33:15. Coming 3rd was Joanne McDonough in 01:38:30.

  

First gent home was John Yells (Lochaber AC) in 01:17:10 followed by Gregor Davidson (Lochaber AC) in 01:21:06, in 3rd place finished Steven Traill (Lochaber AC) in 01:24:12.

  
  

A very big thank you to Peter, Margaret, Markus, Corrina and Ian for marshalling.

  

Congratulations to all the finishers.
