---
title: "Scottish Hill Runners “do” – Sunday 22nd October 2017 – BOOKING NOW OPEN!"
date: 2017-09-22
excerpt: "The “do” will be held after the Run of the Mill race on Sunday 22nd October. The race will be followed by a buffet lunch, a talk by 24h Munro record holder Jim Mann, and the prize giving!"
---

Scottish Hill Runners “do” – Sunday 22nd October 2017 – BOOKING NOW OPEN!

The prize giving this year will be held after the Run of the Mill race on 22nd October. The race is at the earlier than advertised time of 1100, after which we will be providing a 3 course buffet lunch in the Masonic Lodge, Alva, FK12 5JP.

This will be followed by a talk by our guest speaker Jim Mann, who this year broke the long standing 24 hours Munros record, taking in 30 summits in the Cairngorms, a fantastic achievement!

The prize giving for the SHR championship and the Long Classics will be after Jim’s talk. As well as the prizes, we will have the mugs ready for all those who have completed the championship (93 this year)! We expect proceedings to be finished between 4 and 5pm.

Tickets are £10 per person. Please book as soon as possible so we know how many to cater for!

Please notify Angela Mudge by email at committee6@scottishhillrunners.uk that you plan to come and make your payment, preferably via internet banking or bank transfer to Scottish Hill Runners at the Bank of Scotland:

Sort code 80-11-10

Account number 00598107

Create a payment reference based on the letter L for Lunch then your surname and the first part of your post code (e.g: “LUpsonG12”)

  

Alternatively please send your payment to Angela Mudge, Little Crinigart, Station Road, Gartmore, Stirling, FK8 3RR. Cheques should be made payable to Scottish Hill Runners.
