---
title: "Highland Boundary Race Results & Report"
date: 2017-03-30
excerpt: "Wins for Sam Alexander (Westies) and Catriona McDonald (Bellahouston) at Birnam and for Joe Symonds (Shettleston) and Diana MacDonald (HHR) at Deuchary"
---

# Highland Boundary Races

**Saturday 25 -** **Sunday 26 March 2017**

Many thanks to all the landowners, tenant farmers and people who helped out at the races this weekend. Special thanks to Lomond Hill Runners, Margaret Moore, Ted and Ann Lister for marshalling at both races and the great contribution by everyone who brought cake and biscuits as well as making the soup with me. Special thanks also to Laurie Anderson for sorting out the results in the end, Richard Gatehouse, Davie Frame and Elaine Gillies who are always a great help on the hill and to him upstairs for the amazing weather and birdsong!

## **Birnam Hill Race, Birnam** AS 4m/535m

Birnam attracted 123 runners on a beautiful day in sunny Birnam. The course was drying out following the rain and snow earlier in the week. Sam Alexander headed the way up the hill closely followed by Rowan Boswood and Oleg Chepelin. The race was only really decided in the last mile with Sam staying ahead in a winning time of 31mins 20 secs holding off Rowan 31.31 in 2nd place with Oleg third. Catriona MacDonald was well up with the men wining the ladies race in 38.37 from Josie Gomersall in 39.40 2nd and Ellie Homewood 3rd 40.34. David Wallace was a clear winner of the mens’ Vet 40 category in 4th overall with Alan Smith catching Jonny Knox for 1st Vet 50 in 35.49. Phil Forte from Dundee won the mens’ Vet 60 from Angus Bowman of Lomonds. Samantha Rendell was first lady vet 40 in 43.04 with Judith Dobson first lady vet 50 in 45.47.

**The Deuchary Hill Canter , Hilton, Dunkeld AM 11miles/780m**

The excellent sunny conditions for Birnam remained on the Sunday and it even warmed up so we were surprised by the low turn-out but mothers’ day meant there may have been a few runners facing the wrath of all the mums out there! Someone once again removed some of the tape marking the course but only a wee bit fortunately for us. Only one person missed the final part of the hill path but finally found it and returned safe. Joe Symonds was the clear winner 1 hour 22:54 from John Yells 1:30:03 with Brian Marshall in 4th 1:32:17 and first vet 40 followed home closely by race organiser Adrian Davis first vet 50 1:32:23 but closely pushed by Chris Upson after his track season, welcome back to the hills! It was the weekend of the lady MacDonald’s, maybe a clan uprising as Diana MacDonald won in a new record 1:35:49 with Sally Wallis 2nd in 1:44:16 and Gillian Cairns 3rd and first lady vet 40 in 1:50:42. The last man had a few problems en route but eventually got home in 3 hours, well done Paddy MacDonald and a big thanks to Jean Bowman who swept up the tail and collected all the tape and controls making my life much easier on Monday. Thanks everyone.

Adrian.

Full Results on the SHR Results tab.
