---
title: "Tom’s Cairn 10K Trail Race Report & Results"
date: 2017-09-15
excerpt: "Wins for Hamish Battle (Metro Aberdeen) and Sally Wallis (Deeside Runners) at the race on Sunday 10th September"
---

**Race Report, Tom’s Cairn 10K Trail Race, 10th Sep**

This was the second running of the Tom’s Cairn Race which is organised by parents of children at the small village school in Finzean. Despite the blustery weather the number of runners almost doubled to 114 from the first year and the parents giving out tea and cake were busy. From early in the race Hamish Battle (Metro), Owain Bristow and Jom Tole (also Metro) led the way, despite an error at one junction in the woods. The organiser (sorry, that’s me) has promised to make this turn far more obvious in future. The wind and rain showers made the summit ridge a slippery affair on the short sheep-shorn grass and a few folk came to grief on their behinds on the descent down to the road crossing. Hamish maintained a lead to set a course record of 39.54 which may stand until the organiser convinces local champion runner Robbie Simpson to enter the race instead of the Jungfrau Marathon which is on the same day…. Local Deeside Runner (and mother of children at the school) Sally Wallis set a punishing pace right from the start and her familiarity with the course was probably a big benefit. She came in at 45.16 apparently barely out of breath with Jennifer Rees-Jenkins (Insch Trail Runners) 4 minutes behind. 2016 Winners Peter and Sara Henry were favourites to ‘do the double’ again; that is until they both decided to enter the Braemar Half Marathon which was in the morning of the same day. The effect of the earlier race on both runners was obvious; with heavy stiff legs neither were running to their usual standard but came in at a very respectable 52.30 (34th) and 59.02 (59th) respectively.

The race has a community feel about it, with a 1K primary school race around the field and a bunting decorated marquee serving home-made cakes and hot drinks.

Andrew Douglas (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab.
