---
title: "Red Moss Kips – Race Report And Results"
date: 2018-06-25
excerpt: "Wins for Eoin Lennon (Carnethy) and Nicola Dunnian (Race Fitness) at the Red Moss Kips race on Wednesday 20th June."
---

Red Moss 2018 - race report

After last year’s thunderstorms, better weather this year!

77 runners enjoyed some late evening sunshine and a nice breeze to keep the midges away!

At the front of the race, Eoin Lennon (Carnethy) was having an easy run out before heading to Poland for the World Long Distance Mountain champs , and could have beaten the race record if he had sprinted the last 100 metres. He finished first and 1sec outside Andy Fallas's record of 41:03 from 2016

Alastair Thurlbeck (Shettleston) was second overall and first MU23 in 42:48.. Alastair you are handicapped in this race for being too young!! no chance of beating your age in minutes!! If you don't slow down too much.. then by the time you are 45 you might have a chance!

In the ladies race, Nicola Dunian (Racefitness) was first in 53:58 and first F35 , followed by Katie Hall ( Kilbarchan AAC) who was 2nd lady and first FU23 in 55:11, 3rd lady was Kirsty McBirnie (Harmeny) who was first F40 in 58:43.

Fiona Carver (CAAC) was first F55 in 60 mins.

While the youngsters won the mens and ladies races the stand-out performance must go to Gordon McCaffrey (Westies) who won the M60 category and beat his age in minutes by a huge margin, finishing in 53:55 and in 22nd place overall! That is a Red Moss M60 record!! What do they put in the water over in the West , or should I say beer / whisky!!

The first three M60s all beat their age in minutes - Gordon McCaffrey, David Dickson and Davie Duncan!

Justin Carter (Cambuslang) was first M45 in 45:16 , and the first runner to match / beat their age in minutes!  
  

This is the race when any finisher who can beat their age in minutes gets a bottle of beer! This should get easier once you turn 50 , but as we all know nothing is easy once you are past 50!!

Neil Mclure (Carnegie) was first M50, but just missed out on beating his age in minutes.

Other notables who beat their age in minutes were:

Geoff Simpson (HBT) aged 58 got round in 54 mins, David Dickson (Westies) aged over 60 got round in 56 mins and Davie Duncan (Ochil) who is a sprightly 63 got round in 62 mins - good pacing guys!

For the ladies the target is to beat their age + 25%, Congrats to Fiona Carver (F55) who got under this mark !

Then some near misses from folk who need to do some more training before next year..!!

Tom Ferrington (41) finished in 46 mins

Brian Marshall (48) finished in 49 mins

Neil Mclure (51) finished in 53 mins

Ivor Normand (53) finished in 55 mins

Don't worry .. it will be easier next year ! This is the one race in the calendar which makes you look forward to getting a year older!!

Good to see lots of folk cycling to the start to claim their free entry on the day. Car drivers have to pre-enter to book their car parking space! Very limited car parking space , but many fewer cars this year which was great to see!!

This is the race where everyone is a winner if you make it to the prize giving in the Grey Horse Inn!

Bottle of beer if you beat your age in minutes, and various prizes for everyone else!.

Thanks to marshalls and start and finish helpers .. Ian Campbell, YP, David Wilson, Doug Tullie, Derek Wilkie , Sandra Rathgen and family.

The cyclists get the best deal at this race .. they get free race entry, free soup and can safely have a few beers before cycling home! .. and they help everyone else out with fewer cars on the road!

Lost property - a pair of tiny size 4 trainers left at the start ( contact Jamie Thin to reclaim)

Full results on SHR results tab
