---
title: "Goatfell Race - 2018"
date: 2018-01-11
excerpt: "SiEntries are open for the 2018 Goatfell race"
---

**[https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event\_id=4320](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=4320)**

**Entry Process:**

Entries will be available online on SiEntries from 11 January 2018 - race limit is 200.

**Time:**

12 noon

**Venue:**

Ormidale Pavilion, Brodick, Isle of Arran

**Entry Fee:**

£13.00 (£11.00 for members of Scottish Athletics)

**Course:**

The Goatfell Hill Race on the Isle of Arran takes competitors from the centre of Brodick to the summit of Goatfell (15.5 km, 870 metres of ascent) and back. The Goatfell Hill Race is run under a Scottish Athletics permit event. The race starts and finishes at the Ormidale Pavilion in Brodick and follows the main road north to Brodick Castle drive. From the Castle drive, it climbs to the top of Goatfell via the standard ‘tourist’ path. It returns the same way to the finish. The Arran Mountain Rescue Team will marshal the route on the hill.

All runners should respect other users on the race route and stick to the repaired paths at all times.

First Aid cover will be provided at the start/finish.

**Age Limit:**

Competitors must be at least 18 years old on the day of the race.

**Mandatory kit requirements:**

Full body waterproof cover, hat, gloves, whistle, mechanical compass, a map and the ability to navigate in poor weather conditions.

**NB - All runners must abide by the Scottish Hill Runners mandatory safety rules. For full details please visit the Scottish Hill Runners website. Guidelines and rules can be viewed under the 'Safety' Section.**

[www.scottishhillrunners.uk](http://www.scottishhillrunners.uk/)

**Cancellation:**

In exceptionally poor weather conditions a shorter route/course will be considered. The weather can still be unpredictable in May and the Race Organiser reserves the right to cancel the race if necessary - even at short notice. In the unlikely event that the race is cancelled, refunds will not be given however, free entry to the event will be provided for any rescheduling of the race or the following year.

**Prizes:**

Prizes will be awarded in the following categories: SM, M40, M50, M60, M70, SW, W40, W50, W60, F70, First Team of 3, First Local.

**Facilities:**

Changing facilities, toilets, showers and baggage storage are available at the Ormidale Pavilion. Light refreshments will be served after the race. The Ormidale Hotel is located adjacent to the sports field. Drinks and Bar Meals will be available after the race (and during it for spectators!).

**Travel:**

Competitors travelling to Arran on the day will need to catch the 0945 ferry from Ardrossan to Brodick, and can return on the 1640 or 1920 ferries. For further information contact Caledonian McBrayne 01475 650100. For accommodation details contact the Visit Scotland office on 01770 303774.
