---
title: "Hartfell Horseshoe Hill Race Report & Results"
date: 2018-07-25
excerpt: "Wins for Graham McLellan and Rosie Allan (both Annan & District) at the Hartfell Horseshoe Fell Race on Sunday 22nd July"
---

**Hartfell Horseshoe Hill Race 22/07/18.**

On Sunday 22nd July, it was the Hartfell Hoseshoe Hill Race, which is a circular route of just over 10 miles and passes some of the Moffat hills’ best known land marks. It starts at Annan Water Hall and heads up to one of the Moffat Hills Corbetts, Hartfell. As it does, it climbs above the spa cave or Merlin’s cave, and once past Hartfell, it heads to the start of the Annandale way before a short climb to the top of the Devils Beef tub. From here, the runners have a fast, mostly downhill run back to the hall.

The race Organiser is now Kevin Plummer, Hill Running Manager for Annan and District Athletic Club, who has taken over the running of the race from the founder Jim Buchannan, although Jim still helps enormously.

All entry money from the race was donated to Moffat Mountain Rescue. In total due, to the generosity of the runners, £100 was raised.

The race conditions were testing on the tops with very poor visibility above 400 meters so it made navigation difficult with several runners going off the race route. But with good mountain skills, they found their way on course and all completed the race.

Using his experience from previous races, the winner was Graham McLellan running for ADAC. The first female and breaking her own course record, was Rosie Allen also of ADAC. A special mention for Adam Anderson the first V50 winner who, despite his running shoe falling apart during the race, soldiered on running with one bare foot until he reached the final marshal on the A701 and who luckily had a pair of running shoes in his car that Adam could squeeze into. Congratulations also to Ruth Griffith running in her first hill race. This race is a tough one but the conditions on the day made it more so, so well done to her.

The Race organisers would like to thank the land owner, without whose cooperation, the race could not go ahead. Also, all the marshals, time keepers and helpers on the day. And credit to Jean Robson and Yvonne Kerr for taking photos while marshalling.

All the runners were treated to a fine spread of food in the hall post the race

Kevin Plummer, Race Organiser

Full results on the SHR results tab.
