---
title: "Caerketton Doonhiller – Report and Results"
date: 2018-09-06
excerpt: "Win and a new course record for HBT’s Jonny Crickmore at the Caerketton Downhill race on Wednesday 5th September"
---

The 17th Caerketton Doonhiller was a race of impressive performances, none more so that the new course record set by Jonny Crickmore (HBT) taking 9 seconds off Andrew Gilmore’s course record. Jonny covered the 1.8km course (310m descent) in quite a phenomenal 4mins 45secs. The strava stats indicate that he covered one 800m section of the course in 1min 59secs! Well done to Jonny, and it will be a record that will take some beating.

Another very impressive performance came from Bill Gauld (Carnethy), setting an over 80s record of 13mins 59secs. An inspiration to all of us. Lead woman was Freya Marks (Carnethy) setting a time of 8mins 5secs, so just missing out on the sub 8min club. There were nine sub 6min times at the head of the race including first junior Andrew Nash (Carnethy), who got the bonus of winning the Marigolds in the random prize draw, and Jonathan Marks who was first Carnethy in 3rd place.

Other category winners were : Les Turnbull (Norham) – M60 12th overall, Lee Murphy (Carnethy) – M40 14th overall, Alan Hogg (Carnethy) – M50 20th overall, Nicola Dunn (Carnethy) – F40 31 st overall.

Hayden Whitlie (Carnethy) was fastest finisher in the Doonhiller Junior Race in a swift time of 3mins 12secs. Ailsa Bagnall (Corstorphine) finished first girl.

Many thanks to all the helpers who made the race run smoothly, much appreciated. Hopefully see you all back for more fun next year!

Mark Johnston (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
