---
title: "Meall a’ Bhuachaille Race Report & Results"
date: 2018-10-30
excerpt: "Wins for Joe Mann (Ambleside) and Catriona Morrison (Stirling Tri Club)at the Meall a’Bhuachaille Hill Race on Saturday 27th October"
---

I was a bit concerned about the weather forecast the night before with wintry conditions descending on the country from the North. Luckily a weather window appeared for the race giving blue sky, good visibility and fresh snow underfoot, perfect picture postcard conditions, although very cold as you could see by 88 runners trying to keep warm on the start line.

The front runners had a particularly tough job breaking a trail in the snow for others to follow despite this hardship there were some quick times posted. First home was newcomer to the race Joe Mann of Ambleside in a time of 1:09:16 second was HHR Ally Beavan in 1:10:38 who managed to recover from a poor run in the Pentland Skyline weeks before. Third was Doug Batholomew unattached runner finishing in 1:11:18 . First home for the ladies finishing very strongly in 1:19:50 was Catriona Morrison of Stirling Tri club, second in 1:21:40 and running in her first hill race was Philippa Gulleti of HHR and third was CJ Macphail of Anster Haddies in 1:26:45

The male and female team prizes were both won by HHR, Female- Philippa, karen and Dagmar. Male -Ally, Francisco and Charles. Quite a few runners stayed behind to enjoy the post race food and the warmth of the hall which also helped thaw out the marshals. Many thanks to the marshals who did a great job, also the forestry commission and Badaguish for permissions. As the tables were cleared, the hall cleaned and the remaining runners had departed, heavy snow started to fall and Meall a’ Bhuachaille disappeared from view.

Russell McKechnie (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
