---
title: "New Race for 2018 – Peat Road Challenge"
date: 2018-02-26
excerpt: "The Peat Road Challenge will take place in Assynt on Monday 2nd July at 7pm"
---

Peat Road Challenge

Monday 2nd July 7pm Stoer Green, Clachtoll, Lochinver, Assynt

10km (approx.) mixed, trail, road and hill race.

Marquee start and finish

Timed (not chips)

No entries on the day

Bar at finish (free drink for all finishers)

Prizes for fastest man and woman and also prize for the best at predicting their own time

Goodie bag for all entrants including commemorative gift

Minimum age 16

Maximum 50 entrants

Entry fee £10

Contact Leigh Sedgley at [act25years@mail.com](mailto:act25years@mail.com) for entry details

2018 is an important milestone in the history of community land ownership, as it was 25 years ago that the Assynt Crofters’ Trust was created when they successfully purhased the North Assynt Estate. The Peat Road Challenge is one of the events organised to celebrate this anniversary. The run will start at the main event marquee on Stoer Green, where there will be toilets and bag drop (and free parking). It will head north straight up a steep hill into Stoer. The first ¾ mile is on road. The run will then leave the road and head up the peat old Stoer Peat Road into the heart of the estate passing lochans and rocky hills, with views of the sea and the Assynt hills in the distance. After approx 2 miles the peat road ends and the trail follows flag marked poles for about 1 mile over hills, and boggy areas to join up with the Clachtoll Peat road. The route then winds down this peat road for another 2 miles or so back to the road for the last ½ mile along the road to the marquee. Free ranging livestock may be along the route, along with deer, otter and eagle.
