---
title: "SHR Championship after Ben Rinnes"
date: 2018-07-31
excerpt: "The championship listings after Ben Rinnes are '  More details ..."
---

There have now been four races and anyone who has done them all (and there are quite a few) will have already earned their 2018 Championship Mug. Two of the categories have already been decided as the new championships won all four races and so are unbeatable. These being Alasdair Anthony in the Men’s Over 40s and Veronique Oldham in the Women’s Over 50s. Well done, both. All other categories are undecided, but there are some clear favourites in some of them, such as the on form Jill Stephen in the Senior Women’s and Jocelyn Scott in the Women’s Over 60s. However, most of the championships are very open at the moment and really depends on who does well at the last two races (or even who turns up at the last two races). Also very open are all four of the team championships. In fact, these are probably the most competitive they have ever been as lots of clubs are involved and have a chance. Any of the current top 6 clubs in the list could win the Senior Men’s; any of the current top 4 clubs could win the Over 40 Men’s and there are three clubs in the running for both the Senior Women’s and the Over 40 Women’s !

The championship listings after Ben Rinnes are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2018 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2018 - Female.xls) for women.  
or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
