---
title: "The Stag To Hind Hill Race Results & Report"
date: 2018-08-03
excerpt: "Wins for Andrew Cox (Moorfoots) and Rosie Allen (ADAC) at the Stag To Hind Hill Race at Moffat on Tuesday 31st July"
---

In years past the hills which stretch to the north and east of Moffat all the way to Edinburgh and up to Glasgow made it ideally placed for sheep and the production of wool. Now it is the ideal gateway to them same hills for runners, walkers and cyclists. On Tuesday evening on the last day of July runners from 8 different running clubs meet in the town to test their speed and fitness in a short hill race, and importantly raise some money for another frequent visitor to the same hills - Moffat Mountain Rescue.

The Stag to Hind Hill Race starts at outside the Stag Hotel at the north end of Moffat market place and the runners race to the top of Hind Hill just outside the town and back again. The race is a bit over 3 miles in length, and makes for a great starter race for those looking to try their hand at hill racing or a fast mid-week “speed session” for the hardened hill racer. The 1st place man and woman receive an impressive trophy in the form of a Red deer Stag for the male and a Red deer Hind for the female. There is no entry fee for the race but donations are taken for Moffat Mountain Rescue and afterwards there is a buffet of sandwiches and chips for all the participants in the Stag Hotel.

In contrast to the weeks of hot weather and blue skies we have seen, on the day of the race dark black rain threatening skies and cooler weather awaited the runners, walkers and racers. While 20 racers took part, a further 6 walked/ran the route none competitively and 3 give up their time to assist with marshalling and time keeping duties. The clubs that were represented at the race were Annan and District Athletic Club, Jog Moffat, Dumfries Running Club, Dumfries Harries, Dumfries Triathlon Club, Muckle town sloggers, Moorfoot Runners, and the famous Edinburgh Hill running Club, Hunters Bog Trotters. The Event is part of ADAC Hill running Championship. The race saw some of Moffat’s best young and old Hill runner returning to racing after injury. Young Michal Kerr was back after nearly a year out due to a knee injury and in the V50 class, top local runner Rory Longmore after a few years not running due to a Achilles injury was back racing. Due to the generosity of the runners, £110 was raised for Moffat Mountain Rescue. A number of people made big contributions towards funds for the after race refreshments and prizes, Nigel and Janet Priestley, Billy and Yvonne Kerr, John and Jean Robson, and Rory Longmore. (I hope I haven’t forgot anybody.)

First back to the Stag Hotel in a time of 25:28 minutes was Andrew Cox of (Moorfoot Runners), 2nd Michael Kerr (unattached) 3rd and regular first V40 winner was Mark Whitelaw(ADAC), 4th and 1 st V50 Rory Longmore (unattached), 1st Female in a great time of 30:31 was Rosie Allen (ADAC), 2nd female was Lesley Jefferies and 1st FV40, 1st FV50 was Janet Priestley. (see full results on the SHR results tab).

Thank you to Colin for access to his land so the race could go ahead, the Stag Hotel for putting on the refreshments, Sweepers John Robson Michelle Caruthers and Nigel Priestley, Marshalls, Louise Plummer, Yvonne Kerr, Photos Jean Robson and time keeping Jim Buchanan and Darran Foley.

Race Organiser:-

Kevin Plummer, Annan and District Athletic Club, Hill Running Manager.
