---
title: "SHR Championship - Final Results"
date: 2018-09-17
excerpt: "The final championship listings (assuming no appeals!) for 2018 are '"
---

With the final race at Ben Resipol now over, 76 runners have earned their SHR mug this year (a bit down on usual, not sure why ?).

Despite the drop in completers, the championships were generally closely fought and there were quite a few new names to the fore. The Senior championships were won by Jill Stephen and James Espie, both new names on the trophies and both of whom had had some exceptional runs this year. The Over 40s was won for the 6th time (not consecutively) by Veronique Oldham, who also won the Over 50s for the 3rd time ! For the veteran men, Al Anthony, a new Over 40, dominated that category with four wins, while in the Over 50s, Stewart Whitlie managed to win for an amazing 7th time but this time it was only by the skin of his teeth with Manny Gorman pushing him really hard. Another new name was on the men’s Over 60 trophy as after a close battle between John Tullie and Gordon Mccaffrey, John took the honours. Jocelyn Scott won the women’s Over 60 for the second time (having previously won in 2016). Doug Milligan retained his Over 70s title, while Liam Braby won the Under23s.

Carnethy fairly convincingly won the female Over 40s team award from Fife and also took the Senior Women’s team in a close battle with Fife (2nd) and Deeside (3rd). The Senior Men’s team was an incredibly close three way battle, with only 1 point separating the top three teams ! In the end Carnethy took it on countback from Shettleston (having the same number of points), with Westerlands just a point behind. Shettleston, however, stopped Carnethy from having a clean sweep of the team categories by winning the Men’s Over 40 in another close contest with Highland HR taking second and Carnethy third.

The final championship listings (assuming no appeals!) for 2018 are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2018 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2018 - Female.xls) for women.  
or can be accessed via the Championship menu to the right, where there are also all time lists.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
