---
title: "JBF Memorial Devils Beeftub Race Report & Results"
date: 2018-09-01
excerpt: "Wins for Carnethies Jonathan Marks and Elizabeth Leason at the Devils Beeftub race on Saturday 1st September"
---

With reports of new paddocks in the parking field and having talked to The Borders Forest Trust but not managing to talk to the farmer, I was a little concerned about what I might find. But Louise and Andrew at Corehead were great, and after a chat we parked at the old barn and got registration underway.  
The mist was down on the Beeftub and the Feather Flag at the Monument was not visible from the start as the 21 runners assembled.  
Andy Spenceley had put the tent up and it was well used to protect the kit from the mizzle.  
After the usual “Keep the down slope on your right” chat and a quick thanks to JBF for thinking of the race many years ago. the runners jumped the fence and were set off.  
They all disappeared into the mist and we waited in the rain.  
As the first runners appeared they were coming off the hill from random directions. Jonathon Marks running in from the left just held off the more direct Bill Breckonridge (V50 Shettleston), and Mark Lunt came in next.  
Adam Anderson (V50 ADAC) held off Clubmate Mark Whitelaw (V40 ADAC) to get 4th, so two V50s ahead of the first V40!  
Elizabeth Leason was first Lady led in by Gordon Cameron (first V60) and Hannah Mortlock (FJ Solway Orienteers) was second and first and only junior.  
Hugh McPherson was a little misplaced on the hill but came in last and first V70.  
I hope everyone enjoys their Beefy Prizes!

Thanks to all the runners for turning out on such a mizzly day. But more thanks to the Marshals, Moira and Hilary at registration (and finish), Irene Andy and Nick MacD on the hill and Nick S at the finish.  
See you next year  
Willie Gibson (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
