---
title: "Birnam Hill Race - Provisional Results & Race Report"
date: 2019-04-03
excerpt: "A win and a new course record for Andrew Douglas at Birnam on Saturday 30th May. Angela Mudge was first female. Note that the full results are provisional. Would competitors please check and let Adrian Davis know of any errors/anomalies/ommissions"
---

Birnam Hill Race 2019 Race report

On a beautiful day the Birnam Hill race attracted 110 runners who took on the steep climb and fast descent overlooking lowland Perthshire. The record was taken by Andrew Douglas of Inverclyde, knocking 8 seconds off Robbie Simpson's time, finishing in 28 mins 6 seconds. Andrew was over 2 minutes ahead of James Waldie, HBT and James Britton, Carnethy who took the first vet 40 prize in 31.04. It’s a sign of the times when you realise the youthful Mark Harris now Vet 50 is back running near his best to take the V50 prize with Peter Simpson also just 60 taking the V60 and the ever present and sprightly Bill Duff taking the V70.

The lady’s race had a clear winner in Angela Mudge in 35.21 who then went on to compete in the orienteering race on the other side of Birnam Hill and then Deuchary on Sunday too….

It was good to see Diana MacDonald back after injury last year to finish second in 39.08 and Eilidh Campbell, the first junior in 40.04. Fiona Maxwell managed top female V40 after Angela,and Lina Payne won Fv50.

Thanks must go to the catering team providing all the cakes, including Louise Davis, Margaret Moore and Ann LIster, Carole Mallett, Angela Mudge and Arran Davis as well as Laurie and June Anderson who kept everyone happy in the kitchen serving tea and drinks afterwards. Murthly estate have been very encouraging and the Birnam Arts Centre, a great community run organisation, were supportive as ever.

The marshalls committed early this year so thanks to Chris Baker, Graeme Gatherer and family, Louise and Arran Davis and the numerous supporters on the hill. Thanks

Adrian Davis (Race Organiser)

Full results are on SHR - Note that these are provisional - There were seven runners all together in about 48 position and several with no numbers showing, so if runners could check the results and feedback to Adrian, that would be great. Results will appear on SHRacing once we get confirmed results
