---
title: "Gypsy Glen Results and Race Report"
date: 2019-05-20
excerpt: "Wins for Alexander Chepelin (Edinburgh Uni H&H) and Sarah McKechnie (Penicuik) at the Gypsy Glen Hill Race on Wednesday 15th May."
---

The annual Gypsy Glen Hill Race took place in Peebles on Wednesday night 15 th May, organised by the Moorfoot Runners in association with Peebles & District Community Council.

Many thanks to the main organiser Mike Pearson and the support from all those helping with registration, marshalling and setting the course, whose efforts allow this successful event to go ahead.

There was a good turn of 73 runners on a lovely warm evening as it had been recently leading to fast dry conditions. The race was won by Alexander Chepelin from the Edinburgh University Hare and Hounds Club who is in a rich vein of form with this being his third win in seven days following Dumyat and Ben Lomond. He smashed the course record on the way to the win, slicing exactly one minute of the previous best time, clocking 29:15 and taking it under 30 minutes for the first time. The course is exactly 5 miles (8km) so that equals an average mile pace of 5 min 50 secs which is a phenomenal time when you consider the 900 foot (300m) climb and descent.

First male veteran was Graeme Murdoch of Gala Harriers finishing 5 th (32:35), then Scott McDonald in 11th (34:36) and also first home from the host club with another local Craig Mattocks (Gala Harriers) in 3rd in (14th, 35:22).

The female winner was Sarah McKechnie of Penicuik Harriers in 37:17, followed by Molly Pace Jesmond Joggers, 38:07; and Polly Edwards of Edinburgh University Hare and Hounds 3rd in 39:18.

It was a close race for the female veteran prize between three locals. Kate Jenkins (Gala Harriers) won in 40:45 ahead of Gillian Carr (Corstorphine) and evergreen Susan Ridley (Edinburgh AC) both clocking the same time 41:28 and only separated by the judges on the line. Carol Moss from the host club was 4th in the category in 43:22.

Colin Williams (Race Organiser)

Photos of Moorfoot Runners mainly:

[https://www.facebook.com/pg/Moorfoot-Runners-2321261938110583/photos/?tab=album&album\_id=2405886509648125](https://www.facebook.com/pg/Moorfoot-Runners-2321261938110583/photos/?tab=album&album_id=2405886509648125)

Full results on the SHR results tab
