---
title: "Bishop Hill Race  Report & Results"
date: 2019-03-04
excerpt: "Wins for David Elder (Lomond HR) and Jill Stephen (HBT) at the Bishop Hill Race on Sunday 3rd March"
---

Bishop Hill Race Sunday 3rd March 2019

Rough conditions during the morning moderated somewhat to give the runners a blustery outing but nothing untoward. The marshals returned looking a little windswept all the same! The runners mostly looked happy as they negotiated the steep descent. David Elder of Lomond made it all look too easy as his languid style ate up the ground and left the rest of the field behind. A great run from junior Struan Bennet (Fife) saw him convincingly take second place. He carries on a long tradition of hill running in his family. Sister Ailsa was first female junior in the main race too. Brian Marshal (HELP) put in a strong descent to pass a few and come in third, and first vet 40. Alan Smith (Deeside), vet 50 was similarly fast on the downhill to gain 6th overall behind John Hammond (Carnethy) and Craig Freshwater (HBT). Don Reid (Westies) dominated the over 60 category, with Phil Smithard (Carnegie) and Norman Smith (Kinross) taking the honours for the over 70s and over 80s!

Jill Stephen (HBT) is making this race her own with yet another fine win, she was 7th overall. Maya Stone (Fife) was second and veteran Judith Turner (Falkland) 3rd. Joan Wilson (Lomond) claimed the over 50 title and Judith Dobson (Kinross) the won the vet 60 prize.

Three juniors opted for the half race. There was a cracking battle for first place between Harvey Hurrell and William Chalk, Harvey just managing to squeeze the win. Eva Hurrell came in third and first girl.

Thanks to Kinross Road Runners and Perth Road Runners who chose this race as part of their various club championships, we hope you enjoyed it.

I’m grateful to all who helped out on the hill or with the catering and those who offered extra help on the day.

A final word to those hardy individuals who did the Smokies 10 miler in the morning and the Bishop in the afternoon, and to our photographer Pete Bracegirdle who managed to capture both events! Well done!

Full results on the results tab

Richard Gatehouse (Lomond HR)
