---
title: "Red Moss Kips Results and Race Report"
date: 2019-06-09
excerpt: "Wins for Ewan Brown (Corstorphine) and Romy Beard (Bellahouston) at Red Moss on Wednesday 5th June. And Ewan created a new male course record."
---

Wed 5th June 7.30pm

Bog and Burn mid-week hill race series

Small is beautiful at Red Moss race HQ

No cars at top car park this year, and thanks to all the runners who left the cars at home , and caught the bus, train or cycled and ran to the start!

No car parking problems this year and more space for the runners to congregate before and after the race!

Brown was best on a day when the torrential rain cleared to a dry warm evening , with Ewen Brown of Corstorphine AC winning in a new race record time of 40:45 beating Andy Fallas's 2016 record of 41:02.

Ewen gave it everything, and finished in one shoe! Not stopping to retrieve his shoe which flew off in the run in to the finish.

Close packing from the top 3, with Jonny Crickmore of HBT 2nd in 41:08, and Scott Fraser of HBT 3rd in 41:48

Romy Beard of Bellahouston Roadrunners was first lady in 57:59.

Some great performances from the vets and super-vets .. growing a wee bit older doesn't stop you running faster!!

Sheila Strain (HBT) was first lady FV70,

Hugh McPherson ( Tinto) was first MV70

Best chance to win a bottle of beer for beating your age in minutes if you are aged between 46 and 72!

Hugh aged 74 just missed out by 2 minutes, Justin Carter (Cambuslang) aged 46 was first v40 and first back to beat his age in 45:41.

Other prize winners were Julian Warman (HBT) was first MV50 beating his age in 49:12, and Gordon Mcaffrey (Westies) was his ever-green best winning the MV60s and beating his age by 10 minutes in 54 mins!!

Thanks to all the marshalls and helpers - Craig, Jill, YP, Alex and Maggie.!

Sorry the soup ran out for the marshalls and late finishers !! - I will order more soups next year! - race organisers bad planning!! , more folk cycled this year - and more folk stayed in the pub for a beer and soup!

Thanks to all the local landowners for permissions to race over the wonderful local hills and for the friendly hospitality of local best pub - the Grey Horse Inn in Balerno!!

Cheers

Jamie Thin (HBT)

Full results on the SHR results tab
