---
title: "An Teallach Hill Race Results And Report"
date: 2019-07-23
excerpt: "Wins and new course records for Andy Fallas (Carnethy) and Jill Stephen (HBT) at the third of the SHR 2019 Championship races"
---

An Teallach Hill Race 2019 Report

First let me say how gratifying it was to have such a large turnout and a lot of positive comments about the race. It is a pity that you didn’t get the terrific views of this iconic mountain. The course doesn’t suit everyone but surely is what hill running is all about, no tarmac, start at the bottom, get to the top by a line of your choosing and return. Both the ladies and mens records were broken, Jill Stephen in 1:29:43 and Andrew Fallas in 1:14:41. Tim Gomersal 8th Andrew Gilmore 9 th Francisco Valdes 17th took the mens team for HHR and Ruth Crewe 3rd Mairi Gilmour 10th Megan Fileman 11th won the ladies for Westies by 2 points from HHR

The way things developed it is obvious the some either can’t or did not bother to navigate. I was really pleased when the summit marshal radioed that all had passed the summit, but from then on, for some, everything went pearshaped. I do not like to have to criticise peoples navigational abilities, after all we’ve all been there at some time, however 8 runners went too far west off the summit and ended up going down Ardessie Burn. Seven of them ended up on the road at Ardessie but the other, for some reason I can’t fathom continued to head west, eventually getting a phone signal and phoning their partner. This person didn’t have a clue where they were and we were faced with trying to work that out from their description of what they could see. This was 4 lochs, the sea and a mobile phone mast on the right. We had to raise a call out with the police and 2 team members headed out to where we thought this person was.

While all this was going on a partner of a runner had gone out on the course, got lost and phoned the police. I found out later this person had been to the summit. Another callout had to be raised. They were eventually tracked down by the marshals along with 2 lost runners and were walked off the hill to the road at Ardessie.

Back to the search for the other runner, the best info we had was that they were now at a loch with a beach but could no longer see the sea or the mast. They were told to stay where they were. I had managed to get the presentation finished and a further 4 of us headed out and started searching the lochs. After ruling out 3 lochs a team member went on google earth and found a loch which had a beach and as it was by now 8.00pm tasked the Stornoway coastguard helicopter to look at this loch. That’s where they were found and lifted out by the helicopter. This was 6km west of the summit pillar!!!. Drama over, we watched from a distance and had to hoof it out. Back at the base 9.15pm back home 10 30pm, a long day. Lucky the chopper could come otherwise we would have been out till midnight.

The moral of this story is if you can’t navigate don’t do another hill race like this until you’ve done a navigation course and get some practice, and if you went wrong and can, then just slow down a bit and take a bearing, and if you’re a spectator don’t bite off more than you can chew.

I think it is important that you know what was going on behind the scenes as it puts a lot of strain on the organisers. If all the hill marshals had no radio comms , we would have been faced with at least 2 people out on the hill all night.

My apologies to Graham Arthur for getting the V70 wrong, and Jill Stephen for not announcing her race record,

To put a positive spin on the day this was good training for the team which turned into the real thing, and about £1500 was raised for team funds

Ray Wilby (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
