---
title: "Alex Brett Cioch Mhor Hill Race Report & Results"
date: 2019-03-26
excerpt: "Wins for John Yells (Lochaber) and Catriona Morrison (HHR) at Cioch Mhor on Saturday 23rd March"
---

On a cold and blustery (but mercifully dry) day 88 took to the hills on Saturday in what was a huge turn out for the Alex Brett Cioch Mhor Hill Race, the lure of North District medals clearly swelling the field this year. First across the line in the male category was John Yells of Lochaber with a fast time of 67:33, with Richard Macleod of Lochaber and Robbie Patterson of Moray Road Runners in second and third place separated by only 7 seconds. First female was Catriona Morrison of Highland Hill Runners in a scorching time of 78:54, with Angela Mudge of Carnethy and Caroline Marwick of Inverness Harriers rounding off the podium. Lochaber put in a strong showing to comfortably take the mens team prize, with the ladies team prize going to Highland Hill Runners.

In the Junior Race 12 started, with Sunny McGrath of Deveron Harriers first male across the line in a time of 22:20, and Katie Slimon of Highland Hill Runners first female in a time of 28:40.

This event continues to attract a large field from far and wide, and our thanks go out to the team of marshals and volunteers who make the day possible. Thanks also to the landowners for their kind permissions to run the race, and Dochcarty Farm, Run4It and GlenWyvis Distillery for donating prizes.

Sam Hesling

Race Director

Full results on the SHR results tab.
