---
title: "Craig O Barns Race Results & Report"
date: 2019-12-23
excerpt: "Wins for Ross Brannigan (Ochils) and Catriona Morrison (Highland HR) at the Craig O Barns race on Sunday 8th Dec. Full results and results for the junior races here"
---

Craig a Barns Hill Race Report

Well done to all the marshalls and runners in some of the worst conditions ever for the Dunkeld races. Unfortunately quite a few of the leaders got lost resulting in a few course detours and hence there are no male records because of this as the first and second apparently both took short cuts, first place more so than second, hence the large gap between first and the rest. However it was very difficult to know exactly where some people went and therefore we have kept the order they got to the first checkpoint at the top of the hill.

Ross Brannigan was first male home and Catriona Morrison did complete the course, breaking the ladies record in a good time of 33.33.

Full results for the senior race are on the SHR results tab.

The junior races went well and we are trying to encourage young runners of all ages. In the boys race, 1.5km, Struan Gatherer won the JU15's, Logan Clark the U11's and Calum Webster the U7's.

The girls races had wins for Grace Mathews JU15's and Mhairi Gatherer JU11's with Murren Sparrenboom first in the JU7's. Well done on a very wet cold day! The races will change to a date in October next year.

Thanks again to Polney sawmill and Atholl Estates for using the land.

Thanks,

Adrian  

**8 > 15 Race**

**Place Name Time Category**

1 Straun Gatherer 7:14 MJ12-15

2 Kieran Mathews 7:51 MJ12-15

3 Logan Clark 8:27 MJ8-11

4 Drew Campbell 8:48 MJ12-15

5 Grace Mathews 9:26 FJ12-15

6 Harley Weir 9:28 MJ12-15

7 ThomasDonaldson-Smith 9:43 MJ8-11

8 Arthur Heaphy 9:44 MJ8-11

9 Mhairi Gatherer 9:46 FJ8-11

**3 > 7 Race**

**Place Name Time Category**

1 Calum Webster 7:29 MJ3-7

2 Arran Davis 9:10 MJ3-7

3 Murren Sparrenboom-Brown 9:27 FJ3-7
