---
title: "Meall nan Tarmachan Race Results & Report"
date: 2019-10-13
excerpt: "Wins for Finlay Wild (Lochaber AC) and CJ MacPhail (Anster Haddies) at the Meall nan Tarmachan race on Saturday 5th October."
---

Meall nan Tarmachan Hill Race Report

The 10th Tarmachan Hill Race attracted the highest number of runners since it was a championship race in 2014, despite the forecast of high winds and low cloud. The rain also came in earlier in the day than expected, making a mix for pretty brutal conditions higher up. For the runners the section along the ridge is over with fairly quickly, but many thanks to the volunteer marshals for enduring the maelstrom and ensuring everyone got round the course safely. Despite the weather, Findlay Wild managed to break Prasad Prasad’s course record by 29 seconds, crossing the line in an amazing time of 47.28. Graham Gristwood also put in a great performance, finishing in 49.19, only the third person to break the 50 minute barrier. Tom Owens came in third in 51.18. This shows the quality of the field this year, as this time would have been good enough to win in seven out of the previous nine times this race has taken place. Catherine Joanne MacPhail was the first woman over the line in 1.02.50, closely followed by Catriona Buchanan in 1.03.40, with third place going to Anwen Darlington in 1.07.13.

Hopefully we’ll see even more runners next year, the big question being whether we’ll be able to provide even better goody bags (with particular thanks for this year’s to Inveralmond Brewery!)

Dan Watson

Race Organiser

Full results on the SHR results tab.
