---
title: "The Peat Road Challenge - 6th July 2019"
date: 2019-06-21
excerpt: "Full details for the race in Assynt in a couple of weeks"
---

The Peat Road Challenge

Many hill runners visit the hills of Assynt just to run for pleasure and some come to participate in the Assynt Games hill run annually. Assynt definitely has room for more regular hill run events. Last year as part of the Assynt Crofters’ Trust 25th anniversary celebrations, the inaugural Peat Road Challenge was held. A hill run which takes participants along the Stoer and Clachtoll Peat roads and the way marked link in between. The race proved popular and 30+ runners headed out on a bright and breezy Monday evening. Hoping to build on the success of the 2018 event the Assynt Crofters’ Trust are holding the event again in 2019.

This year’s event will take place on **Saturday July 6th at 3pm**. The move to a Saturday was made to try to accommodate those that work in the week or that live further afield. The 3pm start will allow locals who work on a Saturday morning to finish and still be able to participate. In the absence of a marquee this year the run will start and finish at Stoer Village Hall. This will give all participants access to real toilets, a baggage drop in the hall and best of all the opportunity to buy hot drinks and cakes within the hall.

Don’t be put off if you have never done a hill run before this is a great race to start with as the hills are not huge and the course is mostly on tracks with only a smallish section on open hill. It should be a great race and the prize money is brilliant (£50 for the first male and female, £25 for the second placed male and female an £15 for the third), and all participants get a race gift. Entries will be accepted on the day. Due to the distance and the fact the race is running under Scottish Hill Runners rules only those over 18 are allowed to participate. So come on all you runners out there let’s see if we can beat last years’ entry numbers and get over 35 runners!

Entry form and more information can be found on the Peat Road Challenge page of the Trust website at www.theassyntcrofters.co.uk or from Leigh at act25years@mail.com
