---
title: "The Law Breaker – Results and Report"
date: 2019-06-21
excerpt: "Wins for James Espie (Deeside) and C J MacPhail (Anster Haddies) at the Law Breaker on Wednesday 19th June."
---

The Law Breaker 2019 – race report

84 runners made an appearance for the 2019 edition of the Law Breaker. You would be forgiven however, for thinking this was a Westerlands private event with everyone else just invited, as the yellow vests made up just under a third of the field. Thank you for coming though!

Weatherwise, the race once again dodged the rain, with some proper sunshine and a gentle breeze to cool the exertions on the ascent. Visibility and ground conditions were pretty much perfect, with just the right amount of grip to safely tank down the hillside. Thankfully there were no injuries to report.

In the race itself there was a close battle between James Espie (Deeside) and Sam Alexander (Westerlands) throughout, with James pulling away on the descent to take his second win here in a time of 37.03, the first time the same name has appeared on the trophy twice. Sam’s time was 37.35. Ross Spalding (Ochil HR) was third this year in 38.50.

For the women, CJ MacPhail (Anster Haddies) took the clear win with a time 49.31, while Alex Berry (Westerlands) was a solid 2nd in 50.27, closely followed by Maddy Watson (Strathclyde Uni) in 50.36.

The other headline category winners this year were Bob Wiseman (Ochil HR) for M40, now recovered from his biking injury, the newly turned M50 Kenny Richmond who actually beat his winning time from last year and finished 4 th overall, and Gordon McCaffrey (Westerlands) for M60. The corresponding ladies winners were Judy Turner (Falkland Trail Runners) for F40, Alison Ridyard (HBT) for F50, and Jocelyn Scott (Fife AC) for F60.

At this point of writing, not confirmed, but I believe there may be some photos courtesy of a Westerlands snapper on their website.

Thanks to all runners for coming along, and to Mike MacDonald (Fife AC) and Dan Monaghan (PH Racing) for their invaluable assistance on the night.

One final point to note. I had one very irate householder shouting at me while you were all running, about a silver private reg BMW parked very close to the junction Frederick Street, saying it was causing a potential obstruction at a busy turn. We need to keep local residents reasonably sweet to allow the continuing viability of the race from its current location, so worth keeping in mind for next year if that’s ok.

Andrew Wright (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
