---
title: "Ambacare Wamphray Glen Race Results And Report"
date: 2019-02-06
excerpt: "Wins for Adam Anderson and Rosie Allen (both Hartfell HRC) at the Wamphray Glen race on Sunday 3rd February. And £106 raised for the Moffat Mountain Rescue team."
---

Below freezing temperatures, ice and snow wasn’t going to stop 26 of our hardy local and not so local Hill Runners making the journey for the annual Ambacare Wamphray Glen Race. The race was the 6th in Hartfell Hill Running Club Winter Series of 8 races.

The race starts and finishes near the old Wamphray Railway Station, heading first through Wamphray Plantation wood before continuing north to the Wamphray Glen, at this point it picks up the route through the scenic Glen, passing the burn plunge pools, the Old Wamphray Mill and The Parish Church, then climbing up to Kirkhill farm, from here it is pretty much all downhill back to the start. The total distance is just under 5 miles. On Sunday first thing in the morning there was bright sunshine after an overnight frost which meant the ground was as hard as tarmac for the runners, however within 30 minutes to an hour of the race starting the snow came in.

The race is kindly sponsored by two local companies, Ambacare, Clinic of Osteopathy & Complementary Therapies and Moffat Outdoors, retailer of outdoor clothing and equipment. There is no entry fee for the race just donations taken in lieu for Moffat Mountain Rescue Team. After the race, in front of a large log burner, a variety of hot casseroles, homemade bread and cakes were provided by Hartfell Hill Running Club Members.

The race attracted runners representing 6 different clubs from Bigger in the North, Langholm in the East and Dalbeattie in the West. In the testing conditions first home was HHRC’s Adam Anderson in a time of 33:19, Second from MuckleToon Sloggers, Langholm was Alex Jarzyna 35:01 only just ahead of Adam Dickie from Dumfries Running Club in 35:02. In the ladies battle it was the ever-constant Rosie Allen first home in 40:08 for HHRC, in second place also from HHRC was Amy Lucas in 48:03, In 3rd place it was one of the Jog Moffat group leaders, Bev Stewart in 49:57. Well done all. In total the race raised £106 for the Moffat Mountain Rescue team.

The Race organisers would like to thank Mark and Yvonne for time keeping, all other Club members who contributed to food after the event, those locals who turned out in the snow to cheer the runners on, Rick and Amanda the race sponsors, the land owners Crown Estates and Graham Braid for the access to the Glen.

Kev Plummer (Hartfell HRC)

Full results on the SHR results tab
