---
title: "Scottish Borders Hill Race Weekend"
date: 2019-07-23
excerpt: "The races over Friday, Saturday and Sunday (9th - 11th August) at Meigle Hill, Cademuir and Philiphaugh are forming the Scottish Borders Hill Racing Weekend"
---

A new initiative, the Scottish Borders Hill Race Weekend, with three races on three consecutive days, is fast approaching and has received support from the Glentress Hotel near Peebles.

With the established Cademuir Rollercoaster in Peebles and Philiphaugh Hill Race in Selkirk this year falling on the same weekend on Saturday 10th and Sunday 11th August respectively, the race organisers, Moorfoot Runners and Selkirk Fund Runners, joined forces to promote the Scottish Borders Hill Race Weekend. And adding to the attraction, and the challenge, is a brand new short uphill only race, the Meigle Hill Race, on the evening of Friday 9th August in Galashiels organised by Gala Harriers. So three races - short, medium and long - on three consecutive days over one weekend in the beautiful Borders hills, each within easy reach and with junior race options too. Cumulative times for those brave enough to take on the challenge of all three races will determine who is crowned King and Queen of the Borders Hills.

Alex Nisbet from the Glentress Hotel said "I know from my own former running experience, which includes the Rollercoaster, what a wonderful environment we have here in the Scottish Borders for hill running. Fantastic routes, beautiful scenery and a friendly welcome await those who give it a try. So we are pleased to help by sponsoring awards for the King and Queen of the Borders Hills for whoever has the fastest cumulative time across all three races."

Further information on each of the three races is available through the respective organisers Gala Harriers, Moorfoot Runners and Selkirk Fund Runners.

  

[Scottish Borders Hill Race Weekend Poster](Download.aspx?Item=SBHRW.pdf)
