---
title: "Hartfell Horseshoe Race Results and Report"
date: 2019-07-22
excerpt: "Wins (and new course records) for Kieran Cooper (St. Andrews Uni) and Alison Banford (Hartfell HRC) at the Harfell Horseshoe Race on Sunday 21st July"
---

A big thank you to the following first. Rick and Amanda our race sponsors from Moffat Outdoors and Ambercare for giving prizes so generously to the winners. The land owners for access to the land, the 14 club members that turned out to make the race happen, be it marshalling, time keeping, helping in the kitchen, and then the massive amount of lovely food the members provided. The race raised £151.10 for Moffat Mountain Rescue Team, and £34 towards for Annan Water Hall upkeep. The race had a record number of entries attracting runners from as far away as Northern England, Glasgow and Edinburgh. All gave the race glowing praise for the route and the organisation. The mens course record was broken by no less than 6 runners, and the ladies course record was also broken, the mens by a massive 14 minutes by Kieran Cooper running for St Andrews University, Local runner Matthew Sullivan from Lochmaben running for Shettleston Harriers was second, but it was great to see Kieran's father Richard running for Cambuslang Harriers make the 3rd place on the podium and also secure first V40 prize. First lady was HHRC Alison Banford braking her club mate Rosie's record by 20 seconds, Rosie did well considering her struggles with a knee injury to finish in second place, In 3rd place and first FV50 was Kathleen Aubrey from Helm Hill Runners.

There are loads of photos should you want any on the club Facebook Page:-

[https://www.facebook.com/groups/552275165282337/634824153694104/?comment\_id=634849643691555&reply\_comment\_id=634888080354378&notif\_id=1563737554729300&notif\_t=group\_comment](https://www.facebook.com/groups/552275165282337/634824153694104/?comment_id=634849643691555&reply_comment_id=634888080354378&notif_id=1563737554729300&notif_t=group_comment)

Kev Plummer (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.
