---
title: "Beinn Resipol Race Report and Results"
date: 2019-09-20
excerpt: "Wins for Sam Alexander (Westies) and Angela Mudge (Carnethy) at the Beinn Resipol race on Saturday 14th September"
---

"Saturday 14th September, 13:00, Angus - hill marshal - calls down during the race briefing to let us know that he is on the summit. In his usual understated manner, he tells me “It’s a bit blowy up here, but the Southwest ridge of the Beinn is protecting the approach, send them up.” We’d been toing and froing all morning about a lower turn back with 70 mph gusts and torrential rain forecast. A small weather window allowed the front runners to escape the worst of the rain, but conditions were tough for the back markers.

Positions in the men’s race pretty much stayed as they were from the first marshal point all the way to the summit and back down again with Westies’ Sam Alexander staying ahead of French runner Elvin Laugier (Breizh Vesubie Trail Club) while Luke Taylor of Highland Hill Runners finished 3 rd having traded places with Westies’ Kristopher Blake.

Angela Mudge of Carnethy was back on top having finished 1st in 2017 and 2nd in 2018. CJ McPhail of Anster Haddies had her best finish on her 4th Resipol outing by placing 2nd with Suzy Devey of Lochaber finishing 3rd.

There were superb performances by locals Jake Willis (first MV40) and Rhian Evans (4th Woman) who are in great shape for their crack at the skyline this weekend. It is encouraging to see more and more locals give the race a bash.

A big shout out to Nathan Martin, Stu Crutchfield and Neil Waslidge for making it 5 years in a row. So many runners were returning for the 3 rd and 4th time to Resipole. Thank you for this support and for all the positive feedback and the kind words, needless to say, we wouldn’t have a race without you.

Another successful fun run took place with all 24 runners home before they were hosed by the downpour. A new course record was set by Jamie McConnell from Fort William.

After the races we had an amazing spread put on by Ewen’s Room and with Jill from the Ardshealach donating soup. Thanks to the Real Food Café for their ongoing support and prizes. In the evening runners and family who stayed enjoyed a fantastic sit-down meal and trad music.

This race couldn't happen without the involvement of the Resipole community. From marshalling, to course marking, to erecting marquees, to baking, to serving food, to timekeeping. It is an extra special event with extra special volunteers.

It’s all for charity and we raised £620 to be split between Ewen’s Room and Active Schools Ardnamurchan. Details of our next race to follow."

Full results on the SHR Results tab
