---
title: "Deuchary Hill Race Results & Race Report"
date: 2019-04-03
excerpt: "Wins for Andrew Douglas (convincing new course record) of Inverclyde and Catriona Morrison of Highland Hill Runners at the Deuchary Hill Race on Sunday 31st March"
---

Deuchary Hill Race 2019 Race report

Deuchary hill race this year had hardly one cloud in the sky and was run in perfect conditions with no wind and dry trails. The race attracted 70 runners who took on the woodland trails and hill paths toward Deuchary hill. Andrew Douglas of Inverclyde, completed the double, with a stunning run finishing in 1 hour 13 minutes and 44 seconds, smashing the previous record. John Yells from Lochaber pushed Andrew for a wee while and finished second in1 hour 16 minutes 55 seconds with James Waldie, HBT third in 1 hour 17 minutes 24 seconds, and James Britton, Carnethy, who took the first vet 40 prize in 01:20:25. The race organiser Adrian Davis came through for Vet 50 prize in 1 hour 34 and 9 seconds with Don Reid just taking the V60 in 1 hour 47 and 35 seconds.

The lady’s race had a clear winner in Catriona Morrison in 1 hour 31 minutes with Sally Wallis running strongly in second in 1 hour 36 12 seconds. Angela Mudge took the first vet 40 prize after 3 races in 2 days and Fiona Manson first FV50 and Judith Dobson first FV60.

The overall weekend prizes went to Andrew Douglas and Angela Mudge.

Thanks must go to the catering team providing all the cakes, including Louise Davis, Margaret Moore and Ann Lister, Carole Mallett, Angela Mudge and Arran Davis. Atholl estates have been very encouraging and the Birnam Guest House crowd provided support and food at the end.

The marshalls committed early this year so thanks to David Duncan and Christine for marking the course, David and Sally Bee and Richard Gatehouse out on the course directing runners and giving support.

Thanks

Adrian

Full results on the SHR results tab
