---
title: "Meall a' Bhuachaille Race Report & Results"
date: 2019-10-27
excerpt: "Wins for Finlay Wild (Lochaber) and Caroline Marwick (Inverness Harriers) at the 6th and final SHR 2019 Championship race at Meall a' Bhuachaille on Saturday 26th October."
---

Meall a' Bhuachaille race

The online entries system certainly lessened the race day registration intensity and just as well as there was over 250 enthusiastic runners on the race start line. Conditions were good but cold with the poorer weather staying in the west, the slight dusting of snow visible on the hill yesterday had disappeared and overnight frost hardened the boggy ground higher up and with the talent on the start line this was going to be a very competitive fast race.

Finlay Wild LAC was pushed during the first part of the race but broke away to romp home in an incredible time of 1hour, yes 1hr, clocking 4.46 in the last mile and breaking the course record by 2min 24sec. Second Placed james Espie, Deeside, was also under the under the course record, finishing in a speedy time of 1:02:20 and not far behind in third was Rob Sinclair HHR 1:02:42. First in the ladies race was the very talented Inverness Harrier, Caroline Marwick finishing in 1:16:02, last years winner Catriona Morrison HHR was second in 1:18:20 followed by Heather Anderson, Fife 1:19:28. LAC won the lads team prize Finlay Wild, John Yells and Richard Macleod, the lassies team competion was won by HHR Catriona Morrison, Diana Macdonald and previous race winner Bethan Nadin.

Thanks very much to all who helped on the day you did a great job also thanks to Scottish Hill Runners for choosing this race as part of their championship series and thanks to Badaguish for allowing us to use their facilities and the forestry commission for letting us on their land and Meall a' Bhuachaille for being there. See you next year with renewed enthusiasm.

Russell McKechnie (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.
