---
title: "Holm Show Hill Race – Report and Results"
date: 2019-08-13
excerpt: "Wins for Teviotdale Harriers’ John Tullie and Elaine Tennant at the Holm Show Hill Race on Saturday 10th August"
---

**Holm Show Hill Race**

We had hoped for a bigger turnout this year, but the weather was against us. As the rain poured down and the local folk turned out to marshal, we were beginning to think the flooded roads and threat of thunderstorms had put everyone off. Wrong! 6 determined veterans turned up to run the Hill race and 4 equally tough Teviotdale juniors splashed their way around the 2k “Fun” Run. To add to the experience, the rain got even heavier as each race started.

This race is a delight to organise with strong support from the local Holm Show community whose members marshal, mark the route and provide (very welcome) hot drinks and home baking. (This support for the race is the reason it is held 2 weeks before the actual show.) Many thanks again to the landowners, the Lockhart-Smith family, who continue to encourage the race and provide prizes. This year, there was a special trophy donated and presented by the family of the late Barry Spence, former club captain and long-time member of Teviotdale Harriers. It was awarded to the first veteran not to win the race: Scott Watson (Teviotdale).

The underfoot conditions didn’t match last year’s and so times were slower. The winner was John Tullie and the first lady was Elaine Tennant, both Teviotdale.

Pauline McAdam (race organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
