---
title: "Bishop Hill Race Results & Report"
date: 2020-03-02
excerpt: "Wins for David Elder (Lomies) and Maya Stone (Fife AC) at the Bishop Hill Race on Sunday 1st March"
---

Bishop Hill Race 1st March 2020

Another scheduled hill race, another named storm! Luckily it didn’t rain much and visibility was good, but with each raindrop coming at over 50mph conditions were far from comfortable. Well done to the marshals, especially the summit guys who cheerily coped with the constant battering. Underfoot was squelchy and slippery too.

80 turned up to run, not put off by the forecast and the winner was David Elder of Lomond, retaining his title in some style. Cameron Mason, Trinity Racing was second and Ochil hill runner Bob Wiseman was third and first V40 just holding off second vet Ben Hukins of Camuslang. The over 50s battle went right to the tussocky finish line, Brian Marshall (HELP) three seconds in front of Graham Nash, Carnethy. Don Reid (Westies) easily took the over 60 honours and Tom Scott (Fife AC) the over 70s. Several juniors took part in the main race with impressive wins for Struan Gatherer (Perth Strathtay) and Libby Smith (Fife AC).

The senior ladies winner was another Fife runner, Maya Stone, well clear, with aforementioned Libby being second lady. Third was Denise Purves of Lomond followed by clubmate Joan Wilson- both of them V50s. Jocelyn Scott completed the female prize list, winning the over 60 category.

Two youngsters opted for the half race, well done to Bertran Penacchio (Fife AC) and Mairi Gatherer (Perth Strathtay).

Thanks to my fellow Lomies and others who offered help on quite a challenging day. The makers of soup, the marshals, time keepers, the sweeper all made a great effort- much appreciated.

Richard Gatehouse (RO)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
