---
title: "Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Race - Report & Results"
date: 2020-08-31
excerpt: "Race report & full results from the Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Race on Sunday 30th August."
---

**Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Races, 30th August 2020, Race organisers Hunter Bog Trotters**

**Race report**

The inaugural Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Races, organised by Hunters Bog Trotters on 30th August 2020, was a great success. Thanks to the race team for their hard work, and Holyrood park for allowing this event to take place, one of the first after a long period of coronavirus lockdown. Special thanks to Jill Stephen for organising the courses and marshals, Megan and Dave Wright for the start/finish/results, and Dave Wright for tail running all four races at pace.

The conditions were excellent. A warm, dry, windless day. Four U18 races were held. The fields were excellent in all races.

U18 men (4.3km, 274m climb) was won by Struan Bennet (Fife AC), with Angus Wright (Team East Lothian) in 2nd, and Lewis Hannigan (Kilbarchan) taking 3rd place.

U18 women (4.3km, 274m climb). A strong win by Bridget Harley (Team East Lothian), followed by Anna Hedley (Fife AC) 2nd, and Isla Hedley (Fife AC) 3rd.

U15 boys (2.7km, 163m climb) was the largest field with 17 athletes. The first three finished within 10 seconds of each other. Andrew McWilliam (Laswade) 1st, Rowan Taylor (Lasswade) 2nd, and Dylan Daunt (Edinburgh AC) 3rd.

U15 girls battled a close finish with 1 second between first and second place. Jesscia Taylor (Edinburgh AC) 1st, Beth Urquhart (Moray road runners) 2nd, and Orlaith Shepherd (Edinburgh AC) 3rd.

U13 boys and girls raced together (2.7km, 163m climb). U13 boys, Archie Suttie (Fife AC) beat Lucas Sonneville by 2 seconds to take first place, Finch Greary (Fife AC) taking 3rd. U13 girls, Cerys Wright (Haddington) won the race by 25 seconds ahead of Emma Brander in 2 nd and Bethan Kitchin (Lasswade) in 3rd.

It was a pleasure to organise races for a group of sixty juniors, all of whom were professional, and respectful of each other and the many other park users. The talent on show is exciting to see. I hope next year these juniors are able to participate in the full set of hill running league races that were planned and that they use these experiences to realise their goals.

If you use Facebook I hear Neil Renton is likely to have lots of good pictures to view.

Best wishes,

Megan Mowbray

[Full Results](Download.aspx?Item=Salisbury_Crags_RACE Results_30082020.xlsx)
