---
title: "Scottish Hill Running Champs Race - Report & Results"
date: 2020-09-21
excerpt: "Wins for Robbie Simpson (Deeside) and Scout Adkin (Moorfoots) at the Scottish Hill Running Champs Race at Comrie Croft on Sunday 20th September."
---

The Scottishathletics hill running championships took place on Sunday 20 th September, from Comrie on a beautiful Autumnal day. The course was an uphill only course over 12km with 830m of climb, this format is uncommon in the UK but used regularly in Europe. The first runners to reach the summit of Carn Chois were treated with a cloud inversion in the valley below.

Andy Douglas (Invercylde AC) lead the field over the fast 8km on the lower slopes of the hill. The terrain got much steeper in the latter stages where Robbie Simpson (Deeside Runners) managed to close the gap and went on to win the championship event in 50mins 55secs with Andy in a clear 2 nd place and Peter Hodkinson (HBT) in 3rd.

In the womens event Scout Adkin (Moorfoots) 1:00:57 was a clear winner from Holly Page (Edinburgh University HH) and Kirsty Dickson (Carnethy Hill Racing Club) in 3rd. Both 2nd and 3rd runners are fairly new to hill running so look bright for the future.

The closest competition of the day was the mens team event. Where Shettleston Harriers narrowly beat Carnethy HRC by one point. In the Ladies event Edinburgh University clinched 1st and 2nd team.

Thanks to Comrie Croft for hosting the event, Fordie Estate for giving permissions to use the area and to all the marshals for their hard work at the event.

Angela Mudge (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab.
