---
title: "Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Race  -  Sunday 30th August"
date: 2020-08-13
excerpt: "Full details of the U13, U15 & U18 races at Holyrood Park"
---

**Date:** Sunday 30th August

**Entries:** Email advance entry only. No late entries or entry on the day.

Email: [Meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk](mailto:Meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk) .

Please list the following:

Name

DOB

Age on race day

Email contact

Race category you want to enter

**Entries Open:** Monday 17th August.

**Entries Close:** Friday 28th August 12noon.

**Cost of Entry:** FREE but due to the restricted size of each race (20), please only enter if you are fully committed to racing.

Athletes wishing to enter a race that has reached capacity will be added to the waiting list. You will be contacted if a space becomes available.

If you are successful with your entry but are then unable to race, please let us know that you are withdrawing so that your place can be offered to someone from the waiting list. Please email meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk

NB you yourself must not re-allocate your place to someone else.

In the event of excessive demand we reserve the right to impose a limit on the number of entries from any one club for each race.

**U13 race:** **Boys 13.00;** **Girls 13.15** **(provisional race times, check SAL website on 28/8/20)**

Distance 2.7km; Climb 163m. born 2008 or 2009. Max number of runners per race 20. Boys and Girls races may be combined if entries allow, with any such combined race going at 13.15pm.

**U15 race:** **Boys 13.45;** **Girls 14.00** **(provisional race times, check SAL website on 28/8/20)**

Distance 2.7km; Climb 163m. born 2006 or 2007. Max number of runners per race 20. Boys and Girls races may be combined if entries allow, with any such combined race going at 13.45pm.

**U18 race:** **Boys 14.15;** **Girls 14.30** **(provisional race times, check SAL website on 28/8/20)**

Distance 4.3km; Climb 274m. born 2003 to 2005. Max number of runners per race 20. Boys and Girls races may be combined if entries allow, with any such combined race going at 14.15pm.

Full details on the document that can be downloaded here :-

[Full Details with Race Maps](Download.aspx?Item=Junior_Race_Holyrood_Park2.docx)
