---
title: "Lairig Ghru - Race Results & Report"
date: 2020-09-11
excerpt: "Wins for Robbie Simpson (Deeside) and Fanni Gyurko (Central AC) at the Lairig Ghru race last weekend."
---

A different race to normal but with conditions good underfoot and a clear September day some impressive times were had.

On the men’s side Robbie Simpson took the win, despite a short detour via Linn of Dee he still managed to record the 3rd fastest time in 3.03.24, and it was nice to see a home win for Deeside. Second and third saw both Jason Kelly (3.07.03) and Mark Mosgrove (3.10.27) record their fastest times for the course.

A special mention has also to go to Deeside’s Joe Wright, who at the age of 19 came in 4th in 3.17.17 in his first ever run over the marathon distance.

MV40 was a competitive field with 8 guys beating the 4 hours. Eion Coull took first in a time of 3.33.59. Don “Wolverine” Kerridge retained his MV50 title in 3.52.17, 20 seconds faster than his time last year.

M60 was taken by Stephen Golder, and for the first time since 2009 we had a MV70 finisher. Iain Thomson of Strathearn Harriers finished in an impressive 5.38.21, setting new MV70 record by over 20 mins.

On the ladies side Fanni Gyurko took the win in 3.34.24, the second fastest female time and less than 2 mins behind Lucy Colquhoun’s 2006 record.

Despite crossing the line an hour apart, only 2 seconds separated second and third place, with Hollie Orr (3.44.57) pipping Georgia Tindley (3.44.59) to the runner up spot.

Deeside’s Ros Baxter took the FV40 prize in 4.36.48. Another Deesider Jane Oliver ran a fantastic 5.38.45 taking the FV60 win, her time was over 1.5 hours faster than the only FV50 finisher, Sue Pilat, in 7.14.55.

The male team prize went to Deeside Runners: Robbie Simpson, Joe Wright and Stuart Pringle, and the female team prize to Dundee Road Runners: Kate McIntosh, Alison McNeilly and Fiona Canavan.
