---
title: "Cademuir Rollercoaster - Junior Race - August 15th"
date: 2020-07-27
excerpt: "Calling all young hill runners: the Cademuir Rollercoaster is on! The first scottishathletics junior hill race of the season will go ahead on Saturday 15 August at Cademuir Rollercoaster, Peebles."
---

Calling all young hill runners: the **Cademuir Rollercoaster** is on!

The first **scottish**athletics junior hill race of the season will go ahead on **Saturday 15 August** at Cademuir Rollercoaster, Peebles.

Unfortunately, this year it will be restricted to U18 athletes only. This was a difficult decision but given the nature of the traditional route it cannot go ahead under current guidelines.

Instead, a shorter 3.5km loop with 170m of up and down has been designed for U18 and U15 categories. (Age as at 31 December 2020).

Cademuir will be the Scotland trial for the **WMRA International Youth Cup** (athletes born in 2003-2004) which is due to be held in Ambleside on **Saturday 17 October** and for the U17 Junior Home International (athletes born in 2004-2005) with is due to be held in Northern Ireland on **Saturday 12 September.**

We understand that UK Athletics will confirm if these events are going ahead in early August. A suitable trial for U20 athletes will be found once the event is confirmed.

The host club Moorfoot Runners will be working in conjunction with **scottish**athletics on Covid-19 control measures to ensure that risk is minimised. This includes an amended route, online entry only and DIY race numbers.

**Cademuir Rollercoaster Event Details**

Date: Saturday 15 August 2020  
  
Venue: Cademuir Hill (Peebles High School)  
  
Organiser: Moorfoot Runners  
  
Organiser Email: GJN7nil@gmail.com  
  
Closing Date: Thursday 13 August 2020

Advance entry only via the event page on the SAL Events Calendar. Entry details to follow.

[https://scottishathletics.sportserve.net/pages/event/athleticsbookingdetails.aspx?id=10587](https://scottishathletics.sportserve.net/pages/event/athleticsbookingdetails.aspx?id=10587)
