---
title: "SHR Subscriptions 2021"
date: 2020-12-07
excerpt: "The SHR committee have agreed that for all those members who joined SHR in 2020 then their membership will continue for 2021."
---

**SHR Subscriptions 2021**

The committee have agreed that for all those members who joined SHR in 2020 then their membership will continue for 2021. In effect all current members need not now make a payment for next year as their membership will be extended for one year.

We are aware that there are some members who have set up a regular Standing Order. If you have set up a Standing Order, then you may now wish to arrange to cancel the payment for next year. If no cancellation is made then the payment will be assumed to be an advance for the following year (2022), or alternatively you may wish to make this as a donation to SHR.

The level of subscriptions for 2021 will though remain the same as it was for 2020. If you are not a member or your membership lapsed in 2020 it would be great if you did now join or renew. The current membership fees are as follows; £10 senior plus £5 each for second and subsequent senior members living in a “shared household”, or £5 for Juniors/Students.

The committee have also agreed that due to the continuing uncertainty there is little point in producing a printed calendar of races for 2021. There will though still be a Journal published. In order to receive a printed Journal, you do need to be a current member so if your membership did lapse in 2020 then now is the time to bring your membership status up to date.

If you are unsure if you renewed your membership for 2020 then contact Gordon Pryde at [gordonpryde@talktalk.net](mailto:gordonpryde@talktalk.net) and he will let you know your membership status.

Finally, let’s hope that later in the spring/summer that we will be able to update our website with details of races that will be taking place. It should also be said that SHR will be organising a Championship for 2021 and the details will be detailed on the website.
