---
title: "Cairn William Hill Race - Report & Results"
date: 2020-09-21
excerpt: "Wins for Oleg Chepelin (HBT) and Nina Walkingshaw (Howgill Harriers) at the Cairn William Hill Race - Saturday 19th September"
---

43 runners completed the Cairn William Hill Race in very warm conditions. After months of lock-downs and restrictions the enthusiasm for a real race was palpable, with some runners coming from far afield and strong attendance from local clubs Deeside, JSK and ITR. Runners were split into two waves in accordance with the guidelines and overall the spirit with which everyone entered into abiding by the extra precautions in place to hold the race was excellent - we’re all used it now!

Oleg Chepelin (HBT) combined a home-visit to family with a win in just over 49 minutes, with Stuart Pringle from Deeside taking the runner up spot and Richard Strachan of JSK in 3rd place. Stuart was also the V40 winner with Jamie Ross of Deeside edging out last years V40 winner Kev Harper for 2nd place. Bob Sheridan took the V50 top spot in what was a great day for the Deeside Men.

In the women’s race Nina Walkingshaw (Howgill Harriers) improved on her 2nd place last year to take the win, with Marie Entwistle of Deeside in 2nd and Petra Hampton of Metro in 3rd. Nina was also the first V40 home, while the V50 race was sealed by Marianne Lang of AAC.

Chris Hill (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.

Despite anxiety and doubts over putting on a race, the atmosphere between runners gave the event it’s usual conviviality, even in the absence of the usual prize givings and refreshments. Thanks to all for their assistance in putting on the race, and the community of Monymusk for being so supportive.
