---
title: "Trotternish Ridge Race - SiEntries link open"
date: 2021-05-23
excerpt: "The SiEntries link for the race on Saturday 14th August is now open"
---

SiEntries Link - [SiEntries - Trotternish Ridge Race](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=7071&fbclid=IwAR2Jkt2QLNXK0AWE6ZTUtpAP6OC7F7mRboIuTvg2TCJrQlSmlRq0oUg3WFw)

**Start** GR 504526  
**Finish** GR 504526

The Trotternish Ridge Race this year will be ran as an ' out and back' from The Storr, over Hartaval and Baca Ruadh to Sgurr a Mhadaigh Ruadh return.

The distance is around 21km with approximately 1600m of ascent and descent.

The course will be unmarked and competitors are expected to make their way between unmanned checkpoints. Runners are expected to be competent with map and compass. The grid references will be released closer to the event as they are subject to SNH restrictions.

This is a Category A long race and competitors are required to have completed similar events in the last three years.

The race will be run under Scottish Hill Runners kit requirements and all runners will be kit checked prior to the start. The organisers may insist that runners also carry a survival bag depending on weather conditions so please have one available.

Registration details will depend on current COVID restrictions but runners will receive details prior to the start.

Unfortunately, we are unable to transport runners to the start/finish this year. There will be limited free parking available at the start though and all runners will receive a voucher for a hot drink and cake at the finish.

There will be no prize giving meal this year but, restrictions allowing we may be able to hold a prize giving in Portree-details to follow.

We hope to be able to return to normal route etc next year.

Entry limit: 75
