---
title: "Luss Lollipop Hill Race - Saturday 21st August"
date: 2021-07-08
excerpt: "New Race in the SHR Calendar - and entries open on SiEntries"
---

Enter Online Only:

[https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event\_id=8510](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=8510)  

  

Number collection will be at the main public car park in Luss (please remember to pay and display).  
  
Number collection opens at 9 am  
  
The race will start at 10 am. Depending on covid restrictions we may have bubble starts. Please wait in the car park until 5 minutes before your start time. Do not congregate in large groups before the race.  
  
Full body cover, whistle, map & compass must be carried and will be checked at race registration. Navigational skills will be required for the senior race.  
  
Senior Race  
  
The senior race will climb Beinn Dubh 642m (CP1) before running along the ridge to the higher Beinn Dubh summit 657m (CP2). Runners will then descend to Mid Hill and continue descending to a checkpoint about halfway down the ridge (CP3). The route then heads steeply downhill to a checkpoint at a river bend (CP4). Runners are then faced with a sting in the tail back to the summit of Beinn Dubh 642m (CP5) and a fast descent back down the track they climbed at the start. (Race Map Attached)  
  
Junior Race  
  
The junior race will be an out and back up the main track on Beinn Dubh. Your turn point will depend on your age group:  
  
U20 Up and down Beinn Dubh (6.5 km 600 m),  
U17 Halfway up and down Beinn Dubh (3.5 km 300m)  
U15 1/3 up and down Beinn Dubh (2.5 km 200m)  
U13/U11 race to the gate and back (1.2 km 100 m)  
  
After finishing, do not congregate at the finish line. There will be no prize giving on the day.  

  

[Luss Lollipop Race Map](Download.aspx?Item=Luss Lollipop.jpg)
