---
title: "Ben Rinnes - Race Report & Results"
date: 2021-08-09
excerpt: "Wins (and new course records !) for Andy Douglas and Georgia Tindley at the Ben Rinnes race on Saturday 31st July"
---

Despite the absence of the highland games there was still a good turnout for this year’s Ben Rinnes hill race. Conditions were uncharacteristically cool with some rain and a fresh breeze, perfect for running, but maybe not so great for the hardy marshals who were on the tops of the hills! The race started with the usual lap of the games field and the up to the golf course to start the climb up the Little Conval.

In the men’s race, Andy Douglas (Inverclyde AC) led from the start, finishing in a new record time of 1:51:29. Andrew Barrington of Lochaber AC was second in 2:09:57 and Alasdair Bisset (MU23) from Edinburgh University Hares and Hounds was third in 2:11:21.

Georgia Tindley of Hunters Bog Trotters had a very impressive run, finishing 5th overall and setting a new women’s record of 2:12:58. Charlotte Morgan from Carnethy was second and first W40 in 2:18:29 and Sarah Macdonald from Lochaber AC was third in 2:44:18 .

It was great to see a few MU23’s running, with Clyde Williamson (Cosmic Hillbashers) taking second place in that race in 2:13:56 and Ruairdh Oliver-Jones from East Sutherland Athletics Club finishing third in 2:19:45.

First M40 was Stephen Winter from Shettleston Harriers. It was a close race for first M50, with Mark Harris (Fife AC) just pipping first local Mike Stewart (Keith & District) to the line.

First M60 was Greig Cruickshank from JSK Running club.

It was nice to see some locals turning up to cheer in the runners as they did the final lap of the field at the end. Hopefully we’ll have the pipe band back for next year!

Thanks must go to all the marshals who turned up to help on the hills and in the park, much appreciated! The race was well supported by the Spey Valley Brewery and I’m sure nearly everyone went home with a beer. We also received welcome donations from the Eightlands distillery, Blast Running and Active Root.

Jill Stephen (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab.
