---
title: "Dollar Hill Race - Entries open"
date: 2021-06-15
excerpt: "The SiEntries link is open for the SHR Championship race at Dollar on Saturday 17th July"
---

**Dollar hill race - 17th July**

[**SIEntries - Dollar hill race**](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=8463)

15km with 960m climb (AM).

Race Details:

*   Race starts at 2pm
*   Race will follow the Scottish Athletics covid rules in place on the 17th July.
*   Registration will start at 12:00 - Cost £6 - Pre-Entry only.
*   Registration will take place at the Cricket Pavilion, Dollar Academy (NS 959983) (Post Code FK14 7DU)
*   The race is open to runners over 18 and who are experienced in navigating over hilly terrain.
*   The route is 15Km long with 960m of climb (AM) most of it over grassy terrain with some rocky outcrops.
*   Only the start and end of the route is marked, you will be required to navigate over the rest of the route.
*   You will be required to carry to following equipment

*   Map
*   Whistle
*   Compass
*   Full waterproof body cover
*   Hat
*   Gloves

Kit will be checked at registration

*   Suitable Maps: OS Landranger Sheet 58 - Perth to Alloa, OS Explorer sheet 366 - Stirling and Ochil Hills West, Harvey Maps - Ochil Hills
*   Anyone wishing to retire from the race MUST report to the nearest marshal and to the race finish (Cricket Pavilion).

Course Details:

Start outside the Cricket Pavilion at Dollar Academy, up through Dollar glen exiting on the western edge, cross the Burn of Sorrow via a small bridge. From here is the first steep climb of the race onto Saddle Hill to the first Checkpoint (NN 955005). From Saddle Hill the route goes along the saddle and climbs up to the second Checkpoint on the top of the broad topped Whitewisp Hill (NN 955014). A gentle down and up gets you to the third Checkpoint Tarmangie Hill (NN 943014). From here the route skirts around Skythorn hill before climbing to the next Checkpoint Andrew Gannel Hill (NN 919005)

The route at the Summit of Andrew Gannel, through about 300 degrees from South to almost North East, then a fast downhill followed by a steep climb onto Kings Seat the next checkpoint (NS 936998). Then a long decent to Bank Hill and the final checkpoint (NS 954992). From here its straight down to Dollar glen and retrace the route back through the Glen and along the road and finally through the gate to finish at the Cricket Pavilion.

Facilities:

Car parking is available in Dollar.

Toilet facilities will be available at the Cricket Pavilion.

Registration will start at 12:00, outside the Cricket Pavilion. Location (NS 959983) (Post Code FK14 7DU)

Covid Restrictions:

We are hoping to have limited changing facilities, but that is dependent on restrictions at the time, would recommend that you come changed to run.

Unfortunately we have decided it will not be practical to offer the usual teas and cakes at the finish.

It may be necessary to start the race in waves of 50 or 100 runners, we will give you details at registration
