---
title: "Meall a' Bhuachaille Race Report & Results"
date: 2021-10-25
excerpt: "Wins and new course records at the Meall a' Bhuachaille race on Saturday 23rd October for Finlay Wild (Lochaber) and Nichola Jackson (Keswick AC)"
---

**Meall a' Bhuachaille 2021 Race Report**

The severe winds that strengthened through the morning didn't seem to slow the 132 runners down with records broken in the men's and women's races. There was not much between the front pack at the burn crossing but at the top of Meall a Bhuachaille Finlay Wild (Lochaber) was about 50 meters in front  of English fell running champion Billy Cartwright (Matlock Athletic Club) and Eoin Lennon (Carnethy) who were in hot pursuit. Finlay managed to extend his lead to over 2 minutes, finishing  7 seconds under the hour breaking his own record from 2 years ago, Billy Cartwright finished second in 62:38 and not far behind in third was Eoin Lennon (Carnethy Hill Racing Club) in 63:03.

Visitors were dominant in the women's race with Nichola Jackson (Keswick AC) putting in a strong performance to break the women's record which has stood since 2013, Nichola finished in 73:54, in second place and just seconds outside the previous record time was Elsie Butler (Howgill Harriers) finishing in 74:21, Kirsty Campbell (Deeside Runners) finished third in 77:45. Highland Hill Runners (HHR) won both team prizes with counters Womens- Kirstie Rogan, Caroline Marwick, Monica Padilla. Mens- Robin Howie, Luke Taylor and Ally Beaven.

The race was also the Scottish Athletics North District Hill Running championships with runners who ran for North district clubs and were members of Scottish Athletics able to compete. 1st place Gold was won by Finlay Wild (Lochaber) and Kirstie Rogan (HHR). Silver- Caroline Marwick (HHR) and  James Espie (Deeside).  Bronze - Monica Padilla (HHR) and Robin Howie (HHR). First teams were HHR Women's- Kirstie Rogan, Caroline Marwick and  Monica Padilla. Men's- Robin Howie, Ally Beaven and Gavin Whiteside.

Thanks to the Marshals some of whom endured quite arduous conditions on the hill tops, Badaguish for use of the facilities and the forestry for letting us on their land, it was good to be back.

Russell McKechnie (Race Organiser), Highland Hill Runners
