---
title: "2021 SHR Championship Final Results"
date: 2021-10-12
excerpt: "With the final race, Cioch Mhor, having taken place, the final 2021 championship listings are now available (and names of the 64 people who have earned a mug!)  '"
---

With the final race, Cioch Mhor, having taken place, the final 2021 championship listings are now available.

[Here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2021 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2021 - Female.xls) for women.

64 people have earned one of the prestigious SHR Mugs, 46 man and 18 women. that is slightly down on pre-COVID years, but at least things are almost back to normal, even if the championship was slightly condensed this year, being 3 from 5. Next year we should manage to go back to 4 from 6.

The Senior Category was won by Joe Symonds (Shettleston) and Jill Stephen (HBT), both previous winners. But Jill was really pushed by Heather Anderson (Fife), who was second and easily won the Over 40s, retaining her 2019 title (it'll be an interesting Over 40s champs next year as Jill has now moved up!). Michael Reid (Carnethy) won the men's Over 40 for the first time, with the top 5 all Carnethy (guess who won the Over 40s team!). Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) won the Over 50s for the 5th time (and probably would have been the 6th without COVID, such is her domination). Andrew Macrae (Carnethy) took over clubmate, Stewart Whitlie's mantle in winning the men's Over 50. Des Crowe (Penicuik) and Jane Oliver (Deeside) were both first time winners of the Over 60s, as was Murdo MacLeod (Westerlands) in the Over 70s.  
Carnethy HRC had good team results, winning the Male Senior; the Male Over 40 (see above!) and the Female Senior Team categories, while Fife AC won the Female Over 40s team, which they seem to have made their own.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
