---
title: "Glenshee 9 Race Report & Results"
date: 2021-08-09
excerpt: "Wins for Andy Fallas (Carnethy) and Jill Stephen (HBT) at the Glenshee 9 Race on Saturday 7th August."
---

**Sandwiched between Met Office yellow weather warnings for thundery downpours, the Glenshee9 was fortunate to be able to go ahead on the full course for the second Scottish Hill Runners Championship race of 2021. That's not to say the weather gods were completely kind. The day broke cloudy and damp with a cloud base at 2000 feet meaning the 187 runners starting in three waves at 10.00am/ 10.30am and 11.00am, had to be careful with their navigation. However, as the day progressed the cloud base lifted and broke providing clear visibility on the final three Munros and some sunny spells at the finish. Whatever the weather it's great to be racing again!**

**It was tight racing at the front with Andrew Fallas and Joe Symonds pulling away from the leading pack on the climb up Carn Aosda after the road crossing. Andrew pipped Joe to the finish thanks to a better line off the Cairnwell in a time of 3:15:25 to add his name for the third time to the trophy with a PB. He also broke the M40 record by about 9 minutes. Sam McCutcheon came 3rd with James Espie 4th.**

**For the ladies, Jill stephen took first place with a very strong run finishing just outside the overall top ten in a time of 3:45:13. Catriona Graves was 2nd and her Carnethy team mate Sophie Horrocks finished 3rd.**

**Andrew Lamont took the M40 prize, Andrew Macrae M50, Duncan Ball M60 and Murdo MacLeod M70**

**Scuz Wingrove took first place in W40, Michelle Hetherington in the W50 and Jane Oliver W60.**

**Thanks go to all the helpers, Braemar MRT who provided hill safety marshals and medical cover, Glenshee Ski Centre for hosting, Sportident and High Terrain Events.**

**As ever, all profits will be donated to Braemar MRT.**

**Ali Hubbard (Race Organiser)**

**Full results on the SHR results tab.**
