---
title: "Red Moss Kips race details, Wednesday, 2nd June 2021"
date: 2021-04-30
excerpt: "Red Moss is back! I’m delighted we can start racing again! The Red Moss race evening hill race is on Wed 2-June..."
---

**Red Moss Kips race details, Wednesday, 2nd June 2021**

Given current guidance from Scottish Gov & Scottish Athletics the race will be run in waves of runners – with each wave having a maximum of 30 runners. Total number of runners is capped at 200 competitors.

There will be multiple waves scheduled with start times between 6.30pm and 7.30pm.

No car parking at top car park. Park in Balerno and walk / run / cycle to the Start.

Runners need to physically distance and follow Covid guidance. Don’t race if you feel unwell. Don’t race if you have had recent contact with a person who has had a positive Covid test.

I will send out more instructions to runners a week ahead of the race – in case I have to make any changes to organisation on the day. Organising races has suddenly got a lot more complicated and I am still in process of getting all the required permissions and approvals – so please be kind to me and the other race volunteers - as it will be first time we will be organising a race in compliance with current covid guidance!!

The race will be pre-entry only – and online entries will be open for 2 weeks from 12 noon on Wed 5-May [SI Entries entry page](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?event_id=8275)

As there is a cap on numbers , the race is likely to be over-subscribed, and as the race is the East District champs , preference will be given to East District runners.

(Sorry runners from West and North – please do support your local races / local club events – and we look forward to seeing everyone again once caps on numbers are eased)

**\*\*I am expecting the Red Moss race will drop out of the Bog and Burn series this year. There is discussion within the hill runner community whether it is viable to organise the Bog and Burn mid-week race series this year – as we are not sure which races will proceed / which might be cancelled or have restrictions on entries this year\*\***

**\--**

**Scottish Athletics East District Hill running Championship 2021**

Red Moss is the one-off East District Championship race this year.

Eligibility – to win a category , runners must be a member of Scottish Athletics ( renew your personal SA membership now).

Runners are eligible by club, birth or residence.

East is - Angus; Clackmannanshire; Dundee City; City of Edinburgh; East Lothian; Falkirk; Fife; Midlothian; Perth and Kinross; Scottish Borders; Stirling; West Lothian.

(For Hill running - Aberdeen is not in East ).

Scottish Athletics Medals are awarded as follows, U23, open, V40, V50, V60, team 3 to count. Top 3 in all categories apart from V60. Male and female.

Medals will be sent to winners after the race – due to Covid restrictions – no prize giving on the day at the race

\--

**To all runners - please bring along a watch , to help to confirm accurate timing with the added complication of multiple start times in waves - I am asking all runners to time their own run - and then at the finish write their elapsed race time on their race number and hand in their number to the race organiser. The results will be cross-checked to the self-timed times - to double check final placings in each category.**

**\*\* if for any reason the race has to be cancelled – for example changes to Scottish Gov Covid guidance – there will be no refunds of race entry fee (there are extra costs to process refunds) – all runners will the option of rolling the entry fee onto the next scheduled Red Moss race date or donating the entry fee to one of several nominated charities including Friends of the Pentlands – for path maintenance\*\***
