---
title: "Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Race - Sunday 26th September"
date: 2021-09-22
excerpt: "The Salisbury Crags Junior hill race will take place on Sunday the 26th of September. There are races for U13, U15, U17 and U20 girls and boys. The race starts and finishes at St Margaret's loch at Holyrood park with the first race starting at 12:00pm. Further information here...."
---

**Entries:** Email advance entry only. No late entries or entry on the day.

Email: [Meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk](mailto:Meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk).

Please list the following:

Name

DOB

Age on race day

Club

Email contact

Race category you want to enter

**Entries Open:** Monday 6th September.

**Entries Close:** Friday 24th September 12noon.

**Cost of Entry:** £1 (bring cash on the day).

**U13 race:** **Boys 12.00;** **Girls 12.20** **(provisional race times, check SAL website 25/09/21)**

Distance 2.7km; Climb 163m. Born 2009 or 2010.

Boys and Girls races may be combined if entries allow, with any such combined race going at 12.20pm.

**U15 race:** **Boys 12.40;** **Girls 13.00** **(provisional race times, check SAL website on 25/09/21)**

Distance 2.7km; Climb 163m. Born 2007 or 2008. Boys and Girls races may be combined if entries allow, with any such combined race going at 13.00.

**U17 and U20 race:** **Boys 13.20;** **Girls 13.40** **(provisional race times, check SAL website on 25/09/2021)**

Distance 4.3km; Climb 274m. U17 born 2005 to 2006, U20 born 2002 to 2004. Boys and Girls races may be combined if entries allow, with any such combined race going at 13.40pm.

**Parking, changing**

Please travel to the event using public transport if possible. Parking is available in and near Holyrood park. There will be no Race Registration, nor changing room/shower facilities. Please arrive ready to race.

**Race numbers**

Race numbers will be provided at registration. Please bring your own safety pins and pin your number at each corner.

**Terrain**

The course is off road on paths of mud and grass.

**Safety**

The course will be clearly marked and marshalled. A sweeper will run each race. There will also be a first aid presence. Be familiar with the SHR safety rules.

**You MUST bring a waterproof top and whistle and carry these during the race** even if the weather is fair**.** Checks will be carried out on the start line. This is a **compulsory** race condition**. No top/whistle = no run.** NB if you start but then pull out, you MUST report to a race marshal or to the finish team (without running through the finish).

**Other park users**

This is a public park. Please respect other park users.

**Results**

There will be no race results available on the day. Race results will be posted online by Monday 27th September.

**Covid-19**

We would ask you to note and comply with the following:

Please do not attend if you are ill, have symptoms of Covid-19, have been in contact with someone with Covid-19 in the previous 14 days, or have been told to self-isolate as part of contract tracing.

Bring your own food and drink for pre-race and post-race. No post-race water or snack will be provided.

Spectate at a safe distance from runners and others.

If anyone attending the event develops symptoms of Covid-19 within seven days of the event you must inform the event organiser Megan Mowbray [meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk](mailto:meganmowbray@doctors.org.uk)

**Entry terms**

In submitting an entry all entrants acknowledge that this is an off-road hill race on rough steep terrain with inherent risk.

They confirm that they will comply with the instructions of the race officials and marshals including the content of the Race Information Sheet.

They will report to a race official if they start but do not finish.

They will make themselves familiar with the SHR Safety Rules and Guidelines  available at [https://www.scottishhillrunners.uk/Safety.aspx](https://www.scottishhillrunners.uk/Safety.aspx) .
