---
title: "Red Moss Kips Race"
date: 2021-06-10
excerpt: "Revised Race Report"
---

The **East District Hill Running Championships** were held on a gorgeous Wednesday evening over the Red Moss Kips Race.

Conditions for the 2 June event were fast underfoot, the trails were bone dry and there was a nice cooling easterly on the summits.

First man home in the East District Championships was **Eoin Lennon** (Carnethy HRC) in 40.46, equalling the previous course record, with club mate **Sam Tosh** 13 seconds behind. **James Dunn** (Corstorphine AAC) was a further 19 seconds down.

**Andy Douglas** was first man home overall in 38.48, breaking the course record by nearly two minutes, but as a member of Inverclyde AC competes in the West District. ( and you can only count in one district)

The MV40 honours went to **Andy Fallas**(Carnethy HRC) and MV50 to club mate **Andy Macrae**. **Des Crowe** (Penicuik Harriers) followed in his son’s (Jamie) footsteps by claiming a district title taking the MV60 category.

**Megan Crawford** (Fife AC) flew round to set a new course record of 47.39, with**Kirsty Dickson** (Carnethy HRC) in second and **AliceGoodall** (Edinburgh AC) was third woman and first U23. The FV40 winner was **Judith Turner**(PH Racing Club) and the FV50 title went to **Carole Fortune** (Gala Harriers). **Lorna Broadhurst** (Harmeny AC) won the FV60 category.

In the team competition, Carnethy HRC easily won the men’s category with three finishers in the top five. EUHH won the ladies team award.

A few medals were awarded on the night but those still to be awarded will be posted out.

Thanks to **Jamie Thin**, HBT and all the marshals for organising a successful event, organising the weather and overcoming a few challenges along the way.

*   Please note: The Scottish Athletics North District Championship race has been rescheduled and is currently planned to take place on Meall a’ Bhuachaille on 23 October – thanks to Highland Hill Runners.
    

**With thanks to Angela Mudge**
