---
title: "2021 British Athletics Fell & Hill Relay Championships"
date: 2021-08-15
excerpt: "These will be hosted by Helm Hill Runners on Saturday 16th October"
---

**Hosted by Helm Hill Runners**

**Saturday 16th October**

Helm Hill is delighted to be hosting this year’s event and we look forward to welcoming you to Cumbria in October!

After the disappointment of having to cancel last year’s event we are back and raring to go. Of course, we have to accept that Covid may yet force us to postpone but at the moment we are optimistic that the Relays can proceed as planned. All appropriate precautions will be taken to ensure competitors’ safety and updates will be provided if circumstances change.

The purpose of this note is to give you basic details of the event to help your Club plan its attendance. More comprehensive details will follow at a future date but we thought it was important to provide essential information as early as practical. So here goes….

Location – the Event Field (containing Registration and Race start) will be located about 2 miles south of Tebay, close to the M6 in Cumbria. There are fantastic views (weather permitting) up on to the fells so we hope to see some exciting racing unfold.

Team Entries – Your Club will be able to submit Team Entries via the SiEntries website from 20th August to 3rd September. Clubs will then be invited via Email to confirm entries at which time payment will be collected. Once your Entries have been confirmed you will be asked to provide details of individual runners. All entries must be paid for and runners confirmed by 30th September. Further information will be available nearer the time.

**Team Categories** – Entries will be accepted in the following categories. Each team will consist of 6 runners

Men’s Open, V40, V50

Women’s Open V40, V50

Mixed (3 Men + 3 Women)

V60 (this is a new category and to encourage entries teams can comprise of any combination of men and women from the same club. A minimum of four V60 teams will be required for the competition to be valid and prizes awarded.

Age categories relate to a runner’s age on the day of the race.

The entry fee will be £140 per team

**Full details here :-** [Helm Hill | Fell running and cross country in Kendal - Overview](https://www.helmhill.co.uk/index.php/british-fell-relays-2021/overview)
