---
title: "Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Race - Sunday 26th September"
date: 2021-09-27
excerpt: "Race Report"
---

**Salisbury Crags Junior Hill Race - Sunday 26th September**

Race Report

The Salisbury Crags junior hill race once again was blessed with a lovely sunny day. Thanks to members of Hunters Bog Trotters for organising the event. Jill Stephen and Ray Ward for organising the route and marshals, Megan and Dave Wright for the start/finish and timing, and Craig Freshwater for tail running all the courses. Unfortunately, the park will not allow us to use this venue again so we will be looking to hold next years event in the Pentlands.

The under 13 boys race was won in 12 minutes 14 seconds by Reuban Lees of Edinburgh AC, with Josh Daunt of Edinburgh AC coming second, and Joel Gillan of Central AC third. Cerys Wright of Team East Lothian won the U13 girls in a great time of 13 minutes 6 seconds, with Nancy Corrie of Harmeny AC in second, and Elsie Field of Gala Harriers in third.

The under 15 boys was won by Rowan Taylor of Lasswade AC in 11 minutes 2 seconds, with Dylan Daunt of Edinburgh AC in second, and Logan Le Pelley of Edinburgh AC in third. The U15 girls race was won by Freya Mowbray of Lasswade AC in a time of 14 minutes 6 seconds, with Dashka MacDonald of Edinburgh AC in second and Ariane Baillie of Pitreavie AC in third.

The U17 and U20 men raced together. The race was won by Harris Pagett of Strathearn Harriers in 17 minutes 39 seconds, with Angus Wright of Team East Lothian in second and Euan Rollo of Inverness Harriers in third.

Once again, thanks to all those who made this event possible.

Megan Mowbray, event organiser.
