---
title: "Luss Junior Hill Races on 19th June"
date: 2021-05-08
excerpt: "Full details for the Luss Junior Hill Races - Selection race for the U18 Home Countries Mountain Cup – athletes born in 2004 or 2005"
---

The race will be run under current COVID 19 guidelines.

**Race HQ** Field by Hill of Camstraddan Farm, Luss. GR 355928

**The event:** Junior races for

U11 11am 1km 60m

U13 11.20am 2.3km 100m

U15 11.50am 4.2km 200m

U17 & U20 12.30pm 6km 330m

The courses are on the side of Cruach Dubh, through fields and on steep boggy ground. The courses will be fully marked and start in the field to the north of the farm.

**Runners must maintain social distancing at all times before and after the competition** .

**Parking:** is in Luss main car park. Barrier tape will mark the route to the field, head over the footbridge over the A82 and follow the tape. **DO NOT** cross the A82 any other way.

**Toilets** **:** Public toilets in Luss. No toilets at race start.

**Pre-Entry Only** : for an entry please email [angela.mudge@btinternet.com](mailto:angela.mudge@btinternet.com) for an entry form. Entries close Thursday 17th June.

**Cost:** £2 on the day in the bucket at the start. No change given.

**COVID 19 & RESTRICTIONS:**

The event will comply with the race guidance from Scottish Athletics to minimise risk. However, we will rely very much on the co-operation of all those attending – runners, parents and helpers alike. In particular, we would ask you to note and comply with the following:

Essential travelers only and do not attend if you are ill, have symptoms of Covid-19, have been in contact with someone with Covid-19 in the previous 14 days, or have been told to self-isolate as part of contract tracing, or your place of residence is under local lockdown and has travel restrictions.

Please read current travel restrictions for the Stirling area.

Please do not fill your car with spectators.

Please time your journey to arrive at Dounans as close as possible to your warm-up time. Warm up away from others.

Please maintain social distancing prior to your race and immediately after.

Bring your own food and drink for pre-race and post-race. No post-race water or snack will be provided.

Do not linger after you have finished your race. Return to your car and head home.

Everyone must maintain social distancing at all times. Do not congregate at the Finish. Spectate at a safe distance from runners.

Results will not be available at the event. They will be posted online asap.

If anyone attending the event develops symptoms of Covid-19 within seven days of the event they must inform the event organiser - angela.mudge@btinternet.com

## CONTACTS:

## Race Organiser: Angela Mudge [angela.mudge@btinternet.com](mailto:angela.mudge@btinternet.com) 07765570503

[Luss Junior Course Map](Download.aspx?Item=Luss Junior Course Map.jpg)
