---
title: "Cairn William - Race results and report"
date: 2021-09-27
excerpt: "Wins for Highland Hill Runners' Robin Howie and Monica Padilla at the Cairn William race on Saturday 25th September"
---

**Clean Sweep for Highland at Cairn William**

The recent run of fine weather continued and 29 runners set out from Monymusk on a very warm afternoon to take on the twin summits of Pitfichie Hill and Cairn William.  Highland Hill Runners' Robin Howie and Monica Padilla both cruised to comfortable wins each recording a margin of more than 3 minutes over their closest rivals.  Monymusk local Rob Brookes took 2nd place with Cairn William regular Hayden Lorimer competing the mens’ podium in 3rd.

In the Women’s race Amy Muir of Stonehaven was a strong 2nd and Horsforth Fellandale’s Marion Muir 3rd.

The competition in the men’s veteran categories was intense with almost half the field  being in the M50 category!  Hayden Lorimer took first V50 as well as being 3rd overall, chased closely by Cosmics’ Jason Williamson and Stewart Wilson of Highland in 3rd.  The M60 race was won by Ian Hamilton of Cosmics.

In the women’s race Alison Wilson was first V50, yet another winner from Highland, capping a very successful day for the Inverness based club.

One runner missed the turn up Pitfichie, so 28 runners completed the race - a low turnout but worthwhile for everyone involved.  Hopefully we can attract more runners next year!

Chris Hill (Race Organiser, Cosmic Hillbashers)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
