---
title: "Caerketton Race Report & Results"
date: 2022-08-11
excerpt: "Wins for Carnethy's Ali Masson & Pippa Dakin at the Caerketton Hill Race on Wednesday 10th August. And Ali took the course record in the process too!"
---

Was great to be organising Caerketton Hill race again after covid break in recent years. It was a glorious evening and great turnout with 83 taking part in seniors and 6 in the junior event.  
As well as runners coming from across Scotland, we also had 4 runners from the states (Mid-Michigan Track Club) which was nice to see. Hopefully everyone enjoyed the race.  
In terms of results, Ali Masson, Carnethy, continued his superb form and had an excellent run to win in a time of 17m 26s, taking 10seconds off Andrew Douglas’s course record from 2019. 2nd place was Harry Pulham, Shettleston Harriers in a time of 19m 59s.  
2 V40s finished in 3rd/4th places overall, with Chris Grant, Shettleston finishing just ahead of Brian McKenna, Carnethy. Chris’s time was 19.40 and Brian finished in 19.42.  
In the Ladies race, things were a bit closer, with Pippa Dakin, Carnethy having an excellent run to win in a time of 24m 24s just ahead of Lizzie Knox, also Carnethy, who finished in a time of 24m 30s. Carnethy had a 1-2-3 in the Ladies race, with Nicola Duncan finishing in 3rd place and also first v40, in a time of 24m 59s.  
In the junior race, Gregor MacMillian, unattached, had an excellent run, to win in a time of 12m 34s ahead of Hayden Whitlie, Carnethy who finished in a time of 13m 42s. Laura Kitchen, Lasswade, was first girl home in a time of 14m 51s ahead of Morag Ascroft, Carnethy who finished in a time of 20m 20s.

Stewart Whitlie

Full results on the SHR results tab
