---
title: "Ben Rinnes - Race Report & Results"
date: 2022-08-02
excerpt: "Wins for Ali Masson (Carnethy) and Naomi Lang (Aberdeen AAC) at the Ben Rinnes race on Saturday 30th July"
---

This year saw the welcome return of the Highland games for this year’s Ben Rinnes hill race. We had a good turnout this year with 81 runners starting and 75 finishers. Conditions were warm, and although there were a few light showers before the start, I think the runners were hoping for a bit more rain!

Results wise, first back to do his lap of the games field was Alister Masson from Carnethy who recorded an impressive sub 2 hour run in 1:56:24. Second home was Philip Vokes (U/A) in 2:03:20, and third and first local was Sam Milton from Moray Road Runners in 2:06:20. First M40 was Andrew Davies from Ochils in 2:11:27, and clubmate James Ashworth was the first M50 in 2:37:23. Alan Smith ticked off his 20th run at the race, and was first back in the M60 category in the process, running 2:41:38.

In the women’s race it was Naomi Lang who came back to the field first in an impressive time of 2:17:02. Second home was Sophie Horrocks from Carnethy in 2:29:15 and rounding off the podium was Meryl Cooper from Deeside runners in 2:37:32. First W40 was Rachel Little from Insch Trail Runners in 2:55:34 and Veronique Oldham from Cosmics was first W50 in 2:50:16.

It was nice to a few of the hill runners give some of the other field events a go after the race, particularly Tim Morgan form Carnethy, who as it turns out is pretty decent at the high jump!

Thanks must go to all the marshals who turned up to help on the hills and in the park. The race could not go ahead without their help, it’s a real team effort! Thanks also to the Dufftown Highland Games Committee who supplied all the prizes.

I’ll look forward to seeing you all next year!

Jill
