---
title: "The Hartfell Horseshoe Hill Race - online entry"
date: 2022-07-03
excerpt: "Note that online entry for the Hartfell Horseshoe Hill Race on Saturday 24th July is available on Entry Central"
---

Online entry -

[The Hartfell Horseshoe Hill Race - EntryCentral.com](https://www.entrycentral.com/event/120688)

**The Hartfell Horseshoe Hill** **Race**

**10 miles 3,000ft of climbing.**

**Sunday 24****th** **July 2022. 10:00am start.**

**Registration will be open at 8:45am and closed at 9:45am.**

**Event Venue: - Annan Water Hall, Moffat. Postcode DG10 9LT What3words: - ///creatures.daydream.speared**

The entry fee is £8 with all profits going to Moffat Mountain Rescue Team. Register at Entry Central: [https://www.entrycentral.com/](https://www.entrycentral.com/)

To encourage a lower carbon footprint and less impact on local residents there is £2 per car parking fee on the day with all funds from the car parking going to MMRT.

We thank Rick from Moffat Outdoors and Amanda from Ambacare and for kindly agreeing to sponsor the race. They have donated prizes for 1st and 2nd place in the Female and Male senior, vet 40 and V50 classes.

There will be refreshments in the Annan water hall afterwards.

Course record - Men Kieran Cooper St Andrews University 1 hour 26 minutes.

Course record – Female Alison Banford Hartfell HRC 1 hour 55 minutes.

The race is just over than 10 miles off road and is classed as a “MA” hill race run under a Scottish Hill Running classification, the minimum age for entry is 18 years on the day of the race. It is a not suitable for beginner hill runners, navigation skills needed in bad visibility; it is not a marked route.

 The race is held under the rules, regulations, and insurance of SHR.

**Important Race Rules.**

1.  If you **retire****you must report to registration** before you leave so we know you are safe.
2.  Safety kit requirements are as per SHR rules this mean you need to carry full waterproofs, hat, gloves, whistle, map, and compass. The full body cover maybe need to keep the sun off rather than the rain mind. So, you might want to add sun cream and carry any water as per the appropriate for the weather.
3.  **It is an open road event, beware of traffic.**
4.  Do not litter, this will result in disqualification.
5.  Leave all gates as you find them, if you leave one open for a following runner make sure they do close it.
6.  Sorry as per SHR rules no dogs.
7.  Standard Scottish Hill Running organisation rules apply.
