---
title: "Final SHR Championship after Yetholm Shepherds Show"
date: 2022-10-03
excerpt: "After a great competitive race at Yetholm, we now have the final championship winners sorted and know who has earned an SHR Mug for completing the series. This year 70 people have completed enough races (in their category) to earn a mug, but just two runners (Alan Smith and Ross Cruickshanks) ran all 6 races, well done to them!"
---

After a great competitive race at Yetholm, we now have the final championship winners sorted and know who has earned an SHR Mug for completing the series. This year 70 people have completed enough races (in their category) to earn a mug, but just two runners (Alan Smith and Ross Cruickshanks) ran all 6 races, well done to them!

Both the Senior winners, Caroline Marwick (Highland) and Finlay Wild (Lochaber), made the long trip from the Highlands to get their short race in and claim the title, which was great to see, so congratulations to both.

The Women’s O/40 and Women’s O/50 championship finishers lists were comprised of exactly the same people due to no F40s completing the championship (despite their being some very good ones on the scene) and Angela Mudge (Ochil) won both. On the men’s O/40, it helped if you were called Andrew or ran for Carnethy (or ideally both or these) as Andrew’s made up 4 of the top 6 and Carnethy’s 6 of the top 7, so no surprise that Andrew Fallas (Carnethy) won from Andrew Davis (Ochil). Meantime Andrew Macrae (Carnethy) easily won the O/50s. Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) has made a habit of winning a championship so this year was no surprise when she took the new O/55 category, while Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) won the men’s, before moving up an age group, which allowed him to also win the O/60. Joan Wilson (Lomond) became the women’s O/60 champion. The Over 65s was another new category this year, with Jocelyn Scott (Fife) becoming the first female finisher and Roderick Pugh (Kilmarnock) likewise in the men’s. Ewan Paterson (Highland) took advantage of recently turning 70 to win the Over 70s. Unfortunately, there were no female Under 23 finishers but Lewis Reid (Unattached) won the Men’s Under 23.

Carnethy HRC completely dominated the male team categories as won both the Senior Male Team and Male O/40 Team and in both categories won every one of the 6 races, which is unprecedented. For the women, it was good to see Highland winning the Senior Women’s category – a club getting stronger ever year, while Fife won the Women’s O/40 Team.

The full list of winners is below.  
Senior Men : Finlay Wild  
Senior Women : Caroline Marwick  
Men O/40 : Andrew Fallas  
Women O/40 : Angela Mudge  
Men O/50 : Andrew Macrae  
Women O/50 : Angela Mudge  
Men O/55 : Stewart Whitlie  
Women O/55 : Veronique Oldham  
Men O/60 : Stewart Whitlie  
Women O/60 : Joan Wilson  
Men O/65 : Roderick Pugh  
Women O/65 : Jocelyn Scott  
Men O/70 : Ewan Paterson  
Men U/23: Lewis Reid  
Male Team : Carnethy HRC  
Female Team : Highland HR  
Male O/40 Team : Carnethy HRC  
Female O/40 Team : Fife AC  

The latest standings are below.

[Here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2022 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2022 - Female.xls) for women.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
