---
title: "Bog & Burn Series Update after 9 races"
date: 2022-07-01
excerpt: "Current positions and report after Wednesday's Law Breaker. Next B&B race is next Wednesday at Maddy Moss"
---

_Bog and Burn update after 9 races._

_Starting with the men’s competition this time. Andy McCall still leads with a score of 32. He may have done enough to win, but Chris Grant-Pantrey has had a bit of a surge in the last few races and could surpass Andy with 2 more strong results. Shettleston hasn’t won the bog and burn in many years so the pressure must be building on Chris to get some good results in the last 3 races. In the age categories, Stuart Brodie leads the M40s.  Micky Anderson currently leads the M50s, but Brain Marshall should overtake him if he finishes one more race. Don Reid leads the M60s, but with a strong finish in one of the remaining 3 races, Damien Theaker could overtake him. Pat Fitzpatrick has the M70 sown up already!_

_In the woman’s competition, Lisa Blackley still leads from Collette Ashworth. However, Edel Mooney will take the lead if she runs one more race. The only remaining contender is Rona Myatt who would have to run every remaining race to complete the series. Lisa, Collette and Edel are all F40s the highest place F50 is Kay McGreevy who will need to finish one more race to finish the series. Unfortunately, no F60s can now complete the series._

_The most exciting competition is between Ochil and Westies for the club prize. Westies still lead but Ochil have closed the gap with another win at the Law Breaker. If the westies can win one more race they will take the series, but Ochil have momentum on their side, it will be very interesting to see how this pans out._

_Finally, 3 runners have finished all 9 races, Micky Anderson, Chris Furse and Andrew Fullwood. 458 Men and 207 Women have run at least 1 bog and burn race this year._

Niall McAlinden

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Bnb202209.xlsx)
