---
title: "Meall a' Bhuachaille Race Report & Results"
date: 2022-10-24
excerpt: "Wins for Sam Alexander (Westies) and Georgia Tindley (HBT) at the Meall a'Bhuachaille hill race on Saturday 22nd October. Race report here and full results on the results tab"
---

**Meall a' Bhuachaille Hill Race 2022**

 When I left Inverness on race morning visibility was low in the drizzle and mist, but improved as I drove higher up the A9 towards Aviemore. In  Glenmore conditions where mild, calm and humid with pockets of  mist drifting across the summits. The Mist  had disappeared by race time and most of  high route was visible from Badaguish. It seemed a world away from previous races when runners battled against cold and  fierce winds.

After the start first to the top of Meall a' Bhuachaille was Sam Alexander,Westies, followed by Highland Hill Runners Luke Taylor and Robin Howie, Sam managed to increase his lead over the rest of route to finish in front of Luke by several minutes with Robin taking 3rd Place. First lady Georgia Tindley, Hunters Bog Trotters, finished a couple of minutes in front of Heather Anderson, Fife AC and third was Heidi Ross, Carnethy. Was good to see some juniors doing well with Clyde Williamson finishing in a speedy 8th Overall. Freya Shepherd winning the other junior prize. First teams were both won by Highland Hill Runners Luke Taylor, Robin Howie, Joe Mann, Matilda Cornwall, Rachel Watson and Freya Shepherd.

Thanks to the  forestry for letting us on their land, Badaguish for use of the facilities. Many thanks to the marshals who helped on the day. The Team – Start,Finish, Results,Registration-  Manouk Bakermans, Catriona Graves,  Hannah Keech,  Jo Polak, Joe Mann, Jon Shepherd

On the Hill-  Ally Beaven, Andy Coghill, Claire Piper, Karen McIntyre, John Moffat, Ewart Scott, Alison Wilson.

 When I got back to Inverness it was still misty and wet.

 Russell McKechnie
