---
title: "Red Moss Kips - Race Report"
date: 2022-06-12
excerpt: "Red Moss Kip Race Report from Jamie Thin, RO  **10 more race photos are on the Photos menu**"
---

**Red Moss Kips hill race 2022**

It was a murky evening for the Red Moss race this year , after a good spell of sunny weather, thunderstorms were forecast again!!

Not wanting to repeat the excitement of the lightning strike in 2017, for a few hours it looked like we might need to switch to the bad weather route to contour below the tops – but luckily this year the thunderstorm passed through earlier in the day at 4pm and by the 7.30pm start time the race was good to go.

Thanks to the extra marshalls on the course who were put on stand-by to move to the alternative route – but in the end we stuck to the normal route. And while the hills were shrouded in mist to start with , there were a few breaks in the cloud as the runners climbed West Kip. Thanks to Des Crowe and Eoin Lennon for the race photos.

After heavy rain earlier in the day – no records were going to be broken this year , after the record breaking fast and dry conditions last year – but last year’s Men’s winner Andy Douglas still dipped under 40 mins to win for 2nd time in a row in 39:58. With one minute lead over the chasing pack of Carnethy duo of Alexander Chepelin and Ali Masson, followed by Daniel Spencer of Keswick AC and then Charlie Houston of HBT in 5th.

In the women’s race, Fiona Bunn of Edinburgh Uni HH won in 49:57 from Amy Frankland of Lasswade AC ,  Edel Mooney of Ochill Hillrunners , Mo Mcclelland of HBT and Nicola Duncan of Carnethy in 5th

First V40 man was Tom Ferrington of CAAC in 46:13 and first MV50 man was Gary Fraser of Ochil Hill runners in 48:00. Gary Fraser is the current MV50 record holder setting a blistering time of 45:02 last year.

First V40 woman was Edel Mooney of Ochil hillrunners in 52:12 , no V50 women and first V60 woman was Isobel Burnett of Carnegie Harriers, and first V70 woman was local runner Patricia Hampton of Harmeny AC

Beating your time in mins is a good challenge for veterans and it begins to be possible from about age 45 upwards then gets a bit easier in the v50s before getting harder again in your 60s and 70s!!

As is traditional there were extra spot prizes of a bottle beer for anyone who beat their age in mins! Harder challenge for the youngsters!

We had 119 finishers , and even better over 70 folk made it to the pub after for their free plate of lentil soup – good craic in the pub – great to see lots of folk in the pub after a 2 year gap – and Paul at the Grey Horse Inn was a very friendly host as ever , and had the largest pot of lentil soup ever seen in Balerno with his recipe of 10kg of lentils, 30 carrots and 10 onions.. that’s what it takes to feed hungry hillrunners!!

Now the pub has a new backroom with a sound system, the prize giving in the Pub went all Eurovision with a random soundtrack from Mika ..with memorable HBT sponsored line..

“I could be brown” … and a dance off to win the spot prizes of boxes of Tunnocks tea cakes!!

Thanks to all race marshalls, runners and Cat Bruce from Blastrunning who provided the very efficient online entries and chip timing service. See you next year!

Cheers, Jamie Thin, HBT
