---
title: "SHR Scottish Hill Running championships after Meall a'Ghiuthais"
date: 2022-07-25
excerpt: "Five races down and just the short race at Yetholm to go for this years' championship. As you'd expect, some categories have now been decided but plenty more are down to the last race. details.."
---

With one race to go the Senior Men’s category is very open with half a dozen mathematically capable of winning (except if Finlay Wild (Lochaber) decides to make the long trip down to Yetholm, when it is a foregone conclusion!). Likewise, for the Senior Women, and this time Caroline Marwick (Highland) is favourite if she makes the equally long trip from the Highlands. Andy Fallas (Carnethy) has easily won the Over 40 championship, being unbeaten, so the battle is for the minor places.

The favourite for the Women’s Over 40 is Angela Mudge (Ochil), though if she doesn’t turn up at Yetholm, Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) will win, which is the same situation in the Over 50s. In the Men’s Over 50s, Andrew Macrae (Carnethy) needs to turn up to stop Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) taking the title. Stewart has already taken the Over 55s and is favourite for the Over 60s. An unbeaten, Veronique Oldham has won the women’s Over 55 . Like the men’s, the women’s Over 60 is still to be decided with the favourite, in this case Joan Wilson (Lomond), having to run the last race. The Over 65s winners were already finalised before Meall a’ Ghiuthais with Jocelyn Scott (fife) and Roderick Pugh (Kilmarnock) taking the titles. Other categories still to be sorted are the Men’s Over 70, and Men’s Under 23 (there being no female Under 23s this year, unfortunately).

Carnethy have won both male team categories, but the minor placings are up for grabs, while the female teams have to wait until after Yetholm.

The latest standings are below.

[Here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2022 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2022 - Female.xls) for women.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
