---
title: "SHR Bog And Burn Series Update - after 5 races"
date: 2022-05-24
excerpt: "Competition details and spread sheet with current positions - up to date prior to tomorrow’s Kilpatricks race"
---

**Bog and burn update after 5 races**

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Bnb202205.xlsx)

Starting with the Club competition. It’s become a two-horse race between Westies and Ochils. Westies have won 4 out of the 5 races so far but finished in 6  at Dumyat.  Ochils took a brilliant win at Dumyat and have placed strongly in every other race. There is one point in it. It will be very interesting to see how this race shakes out as the bog and burn moves east after the Kilps this week. Can Westies seal the win with strong performances at their home races (Kilps and Cort-ma Law) or can Ochils get themselves in the lead by dominating at their races (Law Breaker and Maddy Moss)? One noticeable absence is the east coast clubs!

In the women’s competition, nobody has completed 5 races but there are a host of strong contenders on 4 and 5 races. Rona Myatt has put in some consistent performances and leads those who have completed 4. Edel Mooney has picked her races well (finishing 3 so far) and must still be the favourite for the title.  Ellen Downs, Ella Peters and Angela Mudge (finished 2) also look in a strong position to finish well up the standings.

Finally, in the men's standings, 5 have completed all 5 races with Micky Anderson leading the pack. This is unlikely to last long as there are a host of runners with much lower scores who have completed 3 or 4 races. The strong favourite must still be Andrew McCall, with consistent performances across all his races to date he sits in a very strong position. Del Young is the standout name who has completed 3 races. And Harry Pulham with his victory at the Whangie is in a great position to move up the rankings as the season progresses.

After 5 races 367 men and 149 women have run at least 1 bog and burn race this season.

Niall McAlinden
