---
title: "Bog & Burn Series Update after 11 races"
date: 2022-07-19
excerpt: "Latest Bog & Burn places with just one race to go"
---

**Bog and Burn update after 11 races**

Firstly, Congratulations to Edel Mooney on winning the bog and burn 2022. The win was richly deserved with fantastic performances across the series, including wins at Kaim, Beinn Dubh and Maddy Moss. Lisa Blackley is 2nd overall and Collette Ashworth is 3rd. Kay McGreevy is the first V50. I’ve crunched the numbers and can’t see how these results will change at Caerketton.

In the club series, westies have now won with one race to spare. Massive respect to Ochil who really gave Westies a run for their money. Both clubs had their A teams out at Cairn Table fighting hard for the prize. It was great to see and hopefully will inspire some tight competition in this series in the years to come. 3rd place is still up for grabs and is a fight between Carnethy and Shettleston. Remember, the club prize is decided by the finishing position of your first 3 men and first 3 women, so you need a strong squad in both to be competitive.

In the Men’s series, only the M70 prize has been decided. Pat Fitzpatrick has run some excellent races finishing 9 out of the 11 races so far. Hopefully, we’ll see him at Caerketton to collect his prize. The rest of the series is still up for grabs. Andrew McCall currently leads, however, both Harry Pulham and Chris Grant-Pantrey could catch him at Caerketton. In the M40s Stuart Brodie leads, but Scott Henderson and Chris Grant-Pantrey could beat him with a good result at Caerketton. In the M50s James Ashworth leads, with Micky Anderson and Brian Marshal both having the opportunity to overtake him. And in the M60s, Damien Theaker can mathematically be beaten by Don Reid so it's still all to play for.

Andrew Fullwood, Chris Furse and Micky Anderson have completed all 11 races so far.

The prize giving will be after the Caerketton race on the 10th of August, more details will follow soon. If you have any corrections for the series results, please contact me before the 5th of August at [niallmcalinden@gmail.com](mailto:niallmcalinden@gmail.com) otherwise I can’t guarantee I’ll be able to fix the issue before the end of the series.

Niall

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Bnb202211.xlsx)
