---
title: "SHR Journal 2022 - Call for Submissions"
date: 2022-10-10
excerpt: "The Scottish Hill Runners Journal 2022 is looking for submissions! The Journal is an annual publication featuring all manner of articles, stories, poetry and rants relating to running on the hills. It's free for SHR members and available to everyone else at a small cost."
---

**SHR Journal 2022 - Call for Submissions**

The Scottish Hill Runners Journal 2022 is looking for submissions! The Journal is an annual publication featuring all manner of articles, stories, poetry and rants relating to running on the hills. It's free for SHR members and available to everyone else at a small cost. 

It's been a busy year with races, records and quality hill days in abundance, I'm sure there are plenty of tales to tell.  No need to be a member of Scottish Hill Runners to contribute an article, the more contributions the better!

**Articles**

We are looking for articles on hill running, hill races, training for the hills, fun in the hills, fun off the hills, adventures far afield or close to home; prose or poetry, fact or fiction - all styles, plots and viewpoints welcome. All lengths considered but 800 - 2000 words is ideal. 

**Short-Cuts**

Don't think you're able to write a whole article? Well never fear, following the success of the format in previous journals we are once again looking for **Short Cuts**, 200-300 word mini-articles on a similar theme. 

Taking the opportunity to reflect on the past, we're looking for people to write on the theme **'The End of the Run'.** 

**Images**

Don't want to write anything? No bother - the SHR Journal is always looking for photos (or paintings, or illustrations) to be added. Send us your snaps!

**Deadline**

The deadline for submissions is **13th January 2023.** 

If you would like to make or discuss a submission please get in touch with [james.callender@live.co.uk](mailto:james.callender@live.co.uk)

The Journal will be available to all (free for SHR Members) once published.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Yours,

James
