---
title: "SHR Bog And Burn Series Update - after 2 races"
date: 2022-05-01
excerpt: "Competition details and spread sheet with current positions - up to date after the Kaim and Beinn Dubh races"
---

Before my first update, I just wanted to thank all the bog and burn race organisers for making sure their races are happening this year. It was not easy for some of them to get their races up and running again after a 2-year gap.

Women's scores for this year's bog and burn will be calculated slightly differently. Several people pointed out that due to the varying number of people running different races a women’s win at one race could be worth much more or less depending on how many men were ahead of them. So women's scores will now be taken from the finishing position against other women.

I have also introduced a Club Ranking. This is calculated from your club's top 3 men and women at a race. So if you want to rank highly you must have 3 men and 3 women racing in each race. Best 6 races for your club to count.

Race 1: Kaim

Perfect conditions to kick off the bog and burn with stunning views over to Arran. Westie Harrison Stubbs took a convincing victory over Gregor Stewart in the men's race with Greenock’s Andy McCall descending like a demon and claiming 3rd. Ochil’s Edel Mooney cruised to a comfortable victory in the women's race, with Westies Ella Peters and Rona Myatt having a good battle for 2nd and 3rd. In the club race, westies took a comfortable win ahead of Greenock and Ochils

Race 2: Beinn Dubh

Another spectacular evening on the shores of Loch Lomand. Edel Mooney showing she’s in some great form taking the win in the women's race. Westies Megan Stuart and Gemma Hayward rounded off the top 3. The men's race was a very close affair, Fraser Dickson took the win with Greenock’s Andy McCall in 2nd and Westies, Del Young, in 3rd. The club race was a repeat of Kaim with Westies taking the win, Greenock 2nd and Ochils 3rd.

The current standings can be found in the attached excel spreadsheet.

Edel Mooney is in a strong position after the first two races, but westies Rona Myatt and Kerry Cunningham could catch up with a strong finish next week. Andrew McCall is leading the men's bog and burn. However, next week at the whangie probably doesn’t suit his strengths so expect Del Young to gain ground. Ross Morris is currently in 3rd. The first M40 is Owen Atkinson, who is currently behind the first M50 Brian Marshall. Don Reid is the first M60 and Pat Fitzpatrick leads the M70s. The F40s are being led by Edel Mooney with Kay McGreevy leading the F50s.

Next up is the Whangie Whizz…

Niall McAlinden

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Bnb202202.xlsx)
