---
title: "The Stag To Hind Hill Race - Report & Results"
date: 2022-08-18
excerpt: "Wins for Adam Park and Lorna Hellam (both Hartfell HRC) at The Stag To Hind Hill Race on Tuesday 16th August."
---

The race had a record turnout of 42 runners and this year it was raising money for Mayo Roscommon Hospice. This cause is close to one of our members as they cared for a terminally ill relative and she has been raising money all year for them.  
  
The race was won by Hartfell Hill Running Club's Adam Park in 24:33. He was pushed hard in the first half of the race by Nicholas Boyd from Moorfoot Runners but managed to build a lead in the second part of the race. First Lady was appropriately Lorna Hellam (HHRC) and she set a new course record in a time of 28:26 bettering the old record by 21 seconds set by Grace Pow. It was Lorna’s chosen charity that the race was raising funds for. The total amount raised for her was £171.50.  
  
A special mention for Ali Docherty from Dumfries Running Club doing his first hill race. He came across the injured Johnny Minto (QRC) who while jumping the burn ruptured his calf. Ali assisted the unfortunate Johnny off the hill to the marshals keeping totally within the ethos of hill running.  
  
We wish Johnny a speedy recovery. A big thank you to Colin the landowner, the marshals, those on registration, The Stag Hotel for providing the food afterwards and Precision Race Timing Scotland for providing the chip timing.

Kev Plummer (Hartfell HRC and Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab.
