---
title: "Tap O'Noth Hill Race"
date: 2022-08-18
excerpt: "Note that the race start time is at 1:30pm on Saturday 20th August. Webscorer sign up details here."
---

# TAP O’NOTH HILL RACE

Good news is the Rhynie Gala is the back on to go along with the Tap O’Noth hill race for a great day out.  This year the race will be held on Saturday 20th August and will also have a junior race. 

Pre-entry for the main race can be made online through the link below however entries will be accepted on the day (although pre-entry makes it all easier). Please note that pre-entry does not cover payment so no financial loss if you enter but cant make the race.  Juniors can only enter on the day and must be registered by an adult (juniors must be 12 and over to run).  

**[Webscorer – Tap O’Noth](https://www.webscorer.com/register?raceid=282217)**

Entry will be £5 for the main race with all proceeds still going towards the Rhynie Gala committee.  Registration for payment and number collection will open at 12.15pm and will close at 1.15pm.  The race will commence at 1.30pm. 

The race will start at the playing fields in the centre of Rhynie.  Ample parking can be found on the streets around Rhynie with only a short walk to the start/registration.

The route has been amended to avoid the road as best possible. Runners will take a right into fields just out of Rhynie, once through the fields its up through the heather to the trig point at the top same a usual.  Route will be marked accordingly and marshals at various points. Follow the same route back down however just as you get into Rhynie you cut straight across the road, then take a left and come into the playing fields from the opposite side (same finish as normal).   Junior route will be the same but runners will loop back around at approximately 2.5km. 

This main race route is 7.5km in length with approx.  390m of ascent.
