---
title: "Luss Lollipop Race - Saturday 13th August"
date: 2022-08-09
excerpt: "All the sign up details here -"
---

The Luss Lollipop race is on Saturday 13th August - all the sign up details are here - 

[https://westerlandsccc.co.uk/club-races/luss-lollipop/](https://urldefense.com/v3/__https:/westerlandsccc.co.uk/club-races/luss-lollipop/__;!!O7V3aRRsHkZJLA!E3Qy1CDqNuPts_UmfsN8rPHNd7IJTJ1FIfLTjWgVhxT0VPUPfuvjQmbVTmye1jEteX706WVpzvcWWjbPrjOjoQFGANpm$)

**Entries Close:** 9pm Friday, 12th August 2022.

**Entry Fees:** Online £10. On the day £15.

**Contact:**  
Race Organiser – Niall McAlinden  
Email: [niallmcalinden@gmail.com](mailto:niallmcalinden@gmail.com)

**Time:** 10am, Saturday 13th August 2022.

**Registration:** Main public carpark in Luss. Registration Opens at 8:30

**Venue:** Luss, Alexendria, G83 8NZ. w3w – treatable.enjoy.monks

**Course:** The race will be unmarked and traverses pathless terrain. Navigation skills will be required.

The race will climb Beinn Dubh 642m (CP1) before running along the ridge to the higher Beinn Dubh summit 657m (CP2). Runners will then descend to Mid Hill and continue descending to a checkpoint about halfway down the ridge (CP3). The route then heads steeply downhill to a checkpoint at a river bend (CP4). Runners are then faced with a sting in the tail back to the summit of Beinn Dubh 642m (CP5) and a fast descent back down the track they climbed at the start.

**Map:** [Click here to download the PDF](https://protay.co.uk/lusslollipop22/luss-horseshoe.pdf).

**Age Limit:** Competitors must be at least 18 years old on the day of the race.

**Race entry limit:**  There are currently no plans to limit entries however, this will be monitored.

**Mandatory kit requirements:** Full waterproof body cover, hat, gloves, whistle, mechanical compass (electronic gizmos NOT permitted), a map and the ability to navigate in poor weather conditions. Kit checks will be carried out at registration prior to collecting number.

NB – All runners must abide by the Scottish Hill Runners mandatory safety rules. For full details please visit the Scottish Hill Runners website. Guidelines and rules can be viewed under the ‘Safety’ Section. [www.scottishhillrunners.uk](http://www.scottishhillrunners.uk/)

**Prizes:** Modest prizes will be awarded in the following categories: male/female S, 40, 50, 60, 70, First Team of 3.

**Parking:** Luss car park – pay & display.
