---
title: "2022 SHR Bog n Burn Series - Final Placings, Report & Survey"
date: 2022-08-18
excerpt: "The Final placings spread sheet is available. And if you have a spare couple of minutes please click on the link to provide us with feedback on this year's survey."
---

**2022 Bog and Burn**

 This year saw the introduction of a bog and burn club prize. It took account of your club's first 3 men and first 3 women which gave it an interesting dynamic. The competition quickly developed into a two-horse race between Westies and Ochil. Westies took an early lead but Ochil had a run of good results to bring it down to a shoot-out at Cairn Table. Westies took the win. Carnethy rounded off the top 3 with a good run at Caerketton.

The men's race came right down to the wire. Andrew McCall took the lead after the 2nd race and held onto it until the last race at Caerketton. However, Chris Grant-Pantrey and Harry Pulham had a run of good races towards the end of the season to overtake Andrew. Harry won the series outright. Chris Grant-Pantrey was 2nd and the first V40. James Ashworth was the first V50. Damien Theaker was the first V60. And Pat Fitzpatrick was the first V70. 3 people completed all 12 races; Micky Anderson, Chris Furse and Andrew Fullwood.

The women's race was dominated by Edel Mooney, who won the first two races and was never in any danger after that. Lisa Backley was 2nd overall and Collette Ashworth was 3rd. Edel was the first V40 and Kay McGreevy was the first V50. 

539 men and 227 completed at least 1 bog and burn.

This year was the first year back after covid and I would like to thank all of the race organisers for making the series possible. I'm keen to get feedback from people who have run the series. So if you have 2 minutes could you please fill in my feedback survey? Hopefully, we can make 2023 even better.

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe1yyP3NpVsvALZm5TN-Z1HfRjkwC3l1dIj-GtFkmL8ghWWIg/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://urldefense.com/v3/__https:/docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe1yyP3NpVsvALZm5TN-Z1HfRjkwC3l1dIj-GtFkmL8ghWWIg/viewform?usp=sf_link__;!!O7V3aRRsHkZJLA!DKG6Kw4tPcg4F8AX8f4Eo-KuaeiR0IaVE8ms_aPSuCN17akGFAGIHCp9_5umuU8H1qjgcWa8Zumh_yMG4czBbw4aHTPG$)

Thanks

Niall

[Series positions](Download.aspx?Item=Bnb202212.xlsx)
