---
title: "Wamphray Glen Race Results and Report"
date: 2022-01-24
excerpt: "Wins for Adam Park and Lorna Hellam (both Hartfell HR) at the Wamphray Glen race on Sunday 23rd January."
---

Wins for Adam Park and Lorna Hellam (both Hartfell HR) at the Wamphray Glen race on Sunday 23rd January.

This year we were raising money for a little girl called Nyia who needs specialist medical treatment that is not available on the NHS for a brain condition. (See link.) We raised around £400 for Nyia.

[https://www.facebook.com/groups/217672500409499/?ref=share](https://www.facebook.com/groups/217672500409499/?ref=share)

We would like to express a big thank you to our sponsor Moffat Outdoors for their generosity yet again, Crown Estates, G Braid the landowners, Carolyn and Mark on registration, Ian for marshalling, Paul for time keeping, Jean and Abbie for the photography, Alison and Rory for help fetching in the signs and Louise for admin’ and catering.

Due to timber felling the route this year was slightly shorter by perhaps 0.1 of a mile. The outstanding run of the day was Lorna Hellam who, if it had been the original course, would have easily beaten her old course record with a time of 33:49 and finishing first female and a super 4th overall. Marie Marshal also ran well and if it hadn’t been for Lorna time, she would have surely set a new course record. Roger Irving set an exceptional time in the V60 class too, coming in at 37:50. Well done to everyone that raced today but especially the 3 named.

Kev Plummer (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.

And some photos on the SHR Facebook page.
