---
title: "Bog & Burn Series Update after 10 races"
date: 2023-07-11
excerpt: "Report on the current series standings and all the facts and figures in the individual and club competitions"
---

_SHR Bog & Burn Series Update_

_With only two races left, things are starting to hot up in the bog and burn standings. The most exciting category is the women's, Susan Lindsay is currently leading and has completed all races but Collette Ashworth has an excellent chance to overtake by improving on her Dumyat score. Ella Forman, Nicola Dawson and Hazel Dean currently having completed 5 races could also overtake in the last two races. However, Susan is almost guaranteed to win the F50 category. Nicola Dawson looks most likely to win the F40. And there is a good battle between Haxel Dean and Kay McGreevy for the F60 title_

_The men's category has been won by Alistair Thornton, I can't see how anyone can pass him at this stage. However, is still plenty to play for in the minor placing and in the age categories. George Phillips looks vulnerable to being overtaken! And watch out for a late push from Justin Carter to storm into the lead of the M50 too. Of particular note is Micky Anderson's performance, he has not only dominated the M60 category but has a better score than the best M50 (Hayden Lorimer) and could realistically overtake the best M40 (James MacLeod) in the last two races. Murdo MacLeod looks like he has the M70 category tied up too. Ian Easton, David Duncan and Andrew Fullwood have completed all 10 races so far._

_In the club category, Westies have won for the 2nd year in a row. They managed to win both The Law Breaker and Maddy Moss to have 6 race wins. Ochil currently sits in 2nd with Shettleston, HBT and Carnethy all hot on their heels. Remember the club race is a combined score of your top 3 women and top 3 men. A club that doesn't have a full complement of 3 men and 3 women is still given a score but for each missing runner, their score is taken as last place +1. The way to win is to consistently get a full team of 6 racing._

_Finally, tomorrow's race at Cairn Table is being run as a time trial. If you fancy more of a traditional race, be ready to run at 7 pm and we will have a mass start._

_Niall McAlinden_

[2023 Bog & Burn Series after 10 races](Download.aspx?Item=BnB2023_10.xlsx)
