---
title: "Lairig Ghru Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-06-27
excerpt: "Wins for Sasha Chepelin (Carnethy) and Sally Wallis (Deeside Runners) at the Lairig Ghru race on Sunday 25th June."
---

**Race Report**

It was a wet Lairig this year, but it didn’t seem to dampen the racers spirits. The day started with warm, humid and muggy conditions, but when the forecast torrential rain arrived it was met by most with joy rather than misery as it also brought cooler temperatures and easier running conditions. 

The humidity at the start made for tough running and had an impact on runners fatigue later in the race, especially for those who had to work hard to get past the Derry Lodge cut off. It wasn’t a year for records, but there was still some impressive racing going on!

In the men’s race Sasha Chepelin, Carnethy, took an early lead and held onto this for the remainder of the race. Nursing a sore ankle (as well as a nice tan) from his World trail championship adventures he still came in well clear of the rest of the field in 3.12.51. Iain Manson, Metro, similarly ran a fairly solo race coming in second in 3.16.14, with Mark Mosgrove finishing the Men’s podium in third with 3.27.47.

In the ladies it was a Deeside 1 and 2. Sally Wallis put her London Marathon training to good use on far more familiar and enjoyable terrain coming in First Lady with a sprint finish to get under the 4 hour mark with 3.59.36. Harriet Cross came in second in 4.08.28. Former Deesider, now running for Carnethy, Kirsty Coombs, completed the ladies podium in 4.12.25

In the category races, Charles Howarth, Stonehaven, regained his MV40 title in 3.41.24. Donald Kerridge, Deeside, took the M50 title, once again sneaking under the 4hour mark in 3.56.04. Some dodgy bloke called Alan rocked up and took the MV60 prize with 4.19.16. The best result of the day, however, has to go to the amazing Iain Thomson of Strathearn Harriers. 3 years older than when he broke the M70 record in 2020 he returned again to take the title in 5.52.04

In the ladies categories, Sally Wallis was the first FV40 over the line, but second and taking the FV40 prize was Scuz Wingrove in 4.43.40. There was a great turnout of FV50 racers this year, and it was Judith Turner, PH Racing, who took the title in 5.15.55. Moria Hunt, Goyt Valley Striders, completed the category winners in 6.26.28

Team prizes went to Metro for the men: Iain Manson, Hamish Battle, and Neil Gosgrove. For the women it was Carnethy who took the win: Kirsty Coombs, Tilly Hamilton and Laura Dozier.

Among the rest there was surprisingly little injuries given the weather and the slippy boulders. The finish line saw some happy faces, tired faces, never again faces and close to crying faces. Reports of runners supporting one another through the adventure, and the CMRT really impressed with the resilience of all taking part. 

Of course I can’t go without mentioning the amazing team who support me with organising this event. Cairngorm Mountain Rescue Team sat it out for a number of hours through the worst of the rain and wind to check everyone through and support an ill lady off the hill. We couldn’t organise this event without their support. Sharon and Jamie of Protay have made this event so much easier for me to organise, both with their timing prowess and gadgetry, and as a sounding board for challenges and questions that pop up along the way. Finally our fab wee running club not only turn up to race but also come out in their numbers to help. From checking your kit, to cleaning your wounds, making sure you go the right way to giving you your finishers keyring I couldn’t do it without them

See you all next year

Katie Henderson (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.
