---
title: "Falkland Hill Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-07-31
excerpt: "Wins for Kieran Cooper (Carnethy) and Shona Robertson (Shettleston) at the Falkland Hill Race on Saturday 29th July."
---

Falkland Hill Race Report

The race was pretty unusual in that a full half of the participants were still seniors. Hill races in particular and Fife races in general tend to see the bulk of competitors in the 40 plus categories.

Conditions were excellent at race time with sunshine and a light breeze, the heavy showers the night before didn't cause any issues and the underfoot conditions were good.

Kieran Cooper of Carnethy was first Male home in 43:11 followed by the evergreen Ben Hukins from PH Racing Club in 45:44, third male was Bryan McKenna also from Carnethy in 47:09.

Shona Robertson (running in the F50 category) from Shettleston Harriers was first lady in 54:38. Shona was 16th overall and had the distinction of beating not only all of the Senior women and M40 age groups but also finished in front of all of the M50 runners. Shona said that she hadn't been racing for quite a while, that being the case it was a great return to competition for her. Jenny Gilbertson (Unattached) was second woman in 55:29, she was closely followed home by Dundee Road Runner Anwen Darlington who recorded a time of 55:50. 

Kevin Murray (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results Tab

And thanks very much to Raymond Leinster for his race photos which are available here - [Falkland Hill race - Google Photos](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipOFERzuQdw_WlHH0DBwxpLFgIXkB9tYMPgwqrrDGGloW1HHH79bdtizvNzsk_QFcg?key=U0VLYU1iSWVpU0l4YVVIcTBpZThuX250VU9jNDdB)
