---
title: "Ben Rinnes - Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-07-31
excerpt: "Wins for Sasha Chepelin and Holly Page (both Carnethy) at the Ben Rinnes race on Saturday 29th July. The 4th counter towards the 2023 SHR Championship"
---

Ben Rinnes Race Report 2023

This year’s race was the first long counter in the SHR championship, and also played host to the North District Hill Running Championship. As a result, we had a record field of 212 runners start and 205 finish. Conditions were warm and dry, although lots of runner’s reported a welcome breeze on the summit of Rinnes itself. Results wise, first back to do his lap of the games field was Sasha Chepelin from Carnethy who completed the course in 1:58:30. Second home was Steve Halsall (Shettleston Harriers) in 2:03:14, and third was Felix Wilson (Carnethy) in 2:05:15. First MV40 and 7th overall was Andy Fallas (Carnethy) in 2:09:02. Andy Macrae from Carnethy was first MV50 back and an impressive 10th overall in 2:14:41, Colin Donnelly was first MV60 in 2:29:37, and our first MV70 was Murdo Macleod (Westerlands) in 3:33:04.

Ben Livesey from Moray Road Runners picked up the first male local’s prize as well as finishing second MV40 in 2:17:33.

In the women’s race it was great to see such a big field compete this year, and I’m hoping to see lots of you back next year! In the senior women’s race, it was Holly Page of Carnethy who came back to the field first in 2:20:03. Second home was Catherine Taylor from Black Combe in 2:28:15 and rounding off the podium was Ella Peters from Westerlands in 2:30:15. First WV40 was Catherine Dolliver (U/A) in 2:50:52, Veronique Oldham from Cosmics was first WV50 in 2:50:31 and Joan Wilson (Lomond HRs) was our first WV60 back in 3:29:52. First local women was Sophie Keddie, also from Moray Road Runners, who completed the course in 3:03:29. The race is run as part of the Dufftown Highland games, and thanks must go to all the marshals who helped on the hills and in the park.

The race could not happen without their help and support and it’s much appreciated. I’d also like to thank special guest Fraser Clyne who turned up to watch the race unfold in the games park and present the senior men’s and women’s prizes. It was great for the runners and myself to chat to him, especially after all the coverage and support he’s given the race over the years. Please note, prizes will be posted out to athletes who I wasn’t able to hand them to at the end of the race.

Thanks,

Jill

Full results on the SHR results tab
