---
title: "Craig Dunain Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-03-19
excerpt: "New race records for the winners at the Craig Dunain race on Saturday 18th March. Well done Sam Alexander (Westies) and Helen Leigh (HHR)"
---

**Craig Dunain hill race 2023**

Craig Dunain returned to its usual slot in the hill racing calendar of mid-March and saw record numbers of runners competing, with 79 finishers in the senior race. Conditions were warm compared to recent days, but very overcast, causing visibility to be low at the summit of even this relatively small hill. The drizzle stayed off for most of the race.

The male winner was Sam Alexander of Westies, setting a new course record of 39.41. 2nd place was Alasdair Bissett (Edinburgh Uni HH), who was also under the previous record. 3rd place was Dan Dry of Shettleson Harriers.

A new record was also set in the women’s race, which was won by Helen Leigh of Highland Hill Runners in 48.15. 2nd was Katie Meek of Inverness Harriers, and 3rd was Lana Buchheim of Highland Hill Runners.

Javier Cabrera (Highland Hill Runners) won the MV40 category, with Dagmar Borrowman (Highland Hill Runners) winning the FV40. MV50 winner was Robin Burnett of Inverness Harriers, and FV50 winner was Sharon Beck of Highland Hill Runners. The MV60 and FV60 winners were Paul Moody and Lee Ross, both of Highland Hill Runners.

For the first time, there was also a junior race, and there was an amazing turnout of 25 runners! The junior race was tougher than the senior race km for km, but there was some fantastic racing going on; the first 4 boys in had an extremely close finish. Noah Carson (Ross County AC) was the MU16 winner, with Sky Simpson of Inverness Harriers winning the FU16 category. The U14 category winners were Robbie Welsh (Ross County AC) and Anna Meek (Inverness Harriers). U12 winners were Michael Sant (Ross County AC) and Iyla Souter (Inverness Harriers).

Thank you so much to the huge army of volunteers who came out to help and support the race. Thanks also to Dunain Community Woodlands and Dochfour Estates for access, to Nature Scot for the use of the car park, Leachkin Guides for the use of the hall.

Many thanks also to Ponnek for sponsoring the prizes.

Caroline Marwick (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab.
