---
title: "Loch Kinord 10K"
date: 2023-05-27
excerpt: "Deeside Runners' 10K race at Loch Kinord (Sunday 15th October) is available for sign ups via Protay -"
---

\-

Sign up here - [Kinord 10k - Entry & Timing by ProTay](https://protay.co.uk/events/kinord-10k/)

The route starts a short distance North of Dinnet, along the A97.  
After following this road for a short distance, competitors are directed onto a farm track leading first to New Kinord and then on to the Celtic Cross on the northern shore of the loch.  
From there the route follows a narrow and in places rough track back along the norther shore of the loch to return to New Kinord.  
Then there is a grassy path through woodland, past hut circles and the ruins of Old Kinord before climbing up to the water station at aprox. 6km.  
From here a good, grassy path descends to Bogingore from where it follows the marked circular route back to the finish at Dinnet via Meikle Kinord, the Earthworks and the Clarack loch. There is another rough section of path along the northern shore of the Clarack loch at 9Km.

### Race Rules

**Kit requirement**  
All competitors to carry kit fit to meet the weather on the day.  
Minimum full body cover, whistle, compass and race map. Maps will be available on the day.  
It is advised to have trail shoes but these are optional.

**Parking**  
There will be limited spaces in main village pay and display carpark and overflow carpark available also be roadside parking on the A9158 between Dinnet and the river, marshals  
will be on hand.

**General info**  
Race insured with Scottish Hill Runners and run under and run under [**Scottish Hill Runners rules**](https://scottishhillrunners.uk/Insurance.aspx). .
