---
title: "SHR Scottish Championship after Meall an t-Suidhe"
date: 2023-07-05
excerpt: "It is now the half way point (at least in number of races, if not in total distance of racing!) and the tables have now been updated for the three races. With the long races to come, things could change, depending on the strengths of the runners. More...  As ever, any queries (particularly if you want to tell me you are Under 23) to   '"
---

It is now the half way point (at least in number of races, if not in total distance of racing!) and the tables have now been updated for the three races. With the long races to come, things could change, depending on the strengths of the runners.

A lot of the categories now have a firm favourite. Holly Page (Carnethy) is still dominating the Senior Women. Andy Fallas (Carnethy), O/40, Angela Mudge (Ochil) O/40 & O/50, Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) O/50 & Colin Donnelly (Cambuslang) O/55 & O/60 (not bad for someone not far off 64), are also strong favourites in those categories. The women's O/55 is led by Hilary Ritchie (Fife), but Veronique Oldham (Cosmics) is probably favourite, though Hilary has a good chance in the O/60s. Don Reid (Westerlands) is leading the O/65, but John Tullie (Teviotdale) is probably favourite, while Murdo MacLeod (Westerlands) must be favourite for the O/70s, but could be beaten. The Senior Men's is very open, with possibly the three best runners in Scotland running one race each and winning one race each (are they going to do more?). That's left it close and open at the top with Alasdair Campbell (Cambuslang) taking a small lead.

In the Senior Men's team, it's still a close Carnethy v Shettleston battle, but in the O/40s Carnethy are looking much more in control. They are also leading the Senior Women's team - just - from Westerlands, but it is Ochil's who are dominating the Women's O/40 team.

Latest tables: [Here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2023 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2023 - Female.xls) for women.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
