---
title: "Gight Castle 8 Mile Race"
date: 2023-10-17
excerpt: "New race for the SHR calendar - the Gight Eight Trail Race at Methlick on Saturday 18th November"
---

**Gight Eight Trail Race. 8.25 Miles. 834 feet ascent.**

Saturday 18th November 2023.  Beaton Hall, Main Road, Methlick AB41 7DT. 

Registration opens 0830, closes 0930.  Race briefing 0945, race start 1000.

Runners must be 18 years and over, entry fee £10.00 CASH ONLY ON THE DAY. 

Enter here – [Gight Castle 8 Mile Race | Event registration | Webscorer](https://www.webscorer.com/register?raceid=331961)

All money raised will go to the Methlick Community Fund.

**Parking** 

Please do not park at Beaton Hall or the village centre.  A dedicated field for parking will be provided at the top of Manse Road, Methlick, AB41 7EH.  Please car share where possible.  The field is half a mile from the hall, please bear this in mind for registration.

**The race** 

The race is all trail, taking in forest tracks, farmland and woods.  The route will be marked on the day.   Start at Methlick cricket pitch before heading upriver on forest tracks.  The first two climbs are through fields where the scenic Ythan Valley can be seen to your right.  You will cross a stile and enter Gight Woods for another scenic view, the Braes of Gight.  A forest path descent will take you to the river Ythan and across Otter Bridge.  The next section is up and down through ancient woodland owned by the Scottish Wildlife Trust.  This leads to a field with kissing gates on entry and exit.     Here, to the right, is the ruin of Gight Castle which is steeped in history and once the ancestral home of Lord Byron.  More forest tracks will take you to “Heartbreak Hill”, runners must make their way up to the marshal at the top, touch the gate and run back down (keep left on the hill).  With all the climb now complete, you are on the return to the finish along forest and farm tracks.  Once back in Methlick you will lap the cricket pitch to complete the race. 

Post race refreshments at Beaton Hall.

Please note – the trails are very popular with families and dog walkers, please be courteous at all times.

**Minimum Kit** 

All competitors to carry kit fit to meet the weather on the day. 

Minimum - full body cover, whistle, compass and race map.

Maps will be available on the day.                                                                                                                        

There will be marshals on the course and a sweeper following at the rear.

If for any reason you withdraw during the race, please telephone 07552 504512 as soon as possible.

**Bio security**

To avoid the risk of spreading tree disease, please make sure you clean your footwear before and after the event, Forestry Scotland advice here –  [Scottish Forestry - Tree health](https://forestry.gov.scot/sustainable-forestry/tree-health)
