---
title: "Bog & Burn Series Update after 11 races"
date: 2023-08-02
excerpt: "All the stats on the competion to data and confirmation that Cort ma Law is still in the series."
---

**Bog and Burn update after 11 races.**

Firstly, Cort ma Law is back on. Entry is available on the protay timing website. Due to the race being in August limited daylight, carrying a head torch will be compulsory. The race starts at 7 pm on the 9th of August.

**Club:**

Westies have won the club prize for the 2nd year in a row. They sealed the deal at Cairn Table and are looking to celebrate by winning their home race at Cort ma Law. Ochil looks like they will hold onto 2nd, but there is a good battle between Shettleston and HBT for 3rd.

**Women:**

Susan Lindsay is still leading and has completed every race, hopefully, she can make it to Cort ma Law and Caerketton. Collette Ashworth is in 2nd with Hazel Dean in 3rd. However, either Ella Foreman or Nicola Dawson could jump into first by completing one more race. In the age groups, Collette Ashworth is 1st V40, Susan Lindsay is first V50 and Hazel Dean is first V60. 222 women have run at least 1 race this year.

**Men:**

Alistair Thornton has won the series; nobody can pass him at this point. George Phillips is in 2nd and James MacLeod is in 3rd. George should hang onto 2nd as his score should improve if he drops his Dumyat score. In the age groups, James MacLeod leads the V40s, Hayden Lorimer leads the V50s, Micky Anderson leads the V60s and Murdo MacLeod leads the V70s. Ian Easton, David Duncan and Andrew Fullwood have run every race so far. 548 men have run at least 1 race this year.

[2023 Bog & Burn after 11 races](Download.aspx?Item=BnB2023_11.xlsx)
