---
title: "Lee Pen Hill Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-07-17
excerpt: "Wins for Jacob Adkin (Moorfoot Runners) and Katie Hall (Unattached) at the Lee Pen Hill race on Saturday 15th July."
---

### Lee Pen Hill Race at Innerleithen St Ronan's Games 2023

Saturday saw the culmination of [Innerleithen St Ronan's Games Week](https://www.stronansgames.org.uk/) with the hosting of the oldest organised athletics meeting in Scotland, Instituted in 1827.

Starting with the Lee Pen Hill Race which includes 1,200 brutal feet of climb and then foot burning descent within the ‘modest’ 3 mile course which had a 35 competitors this year, the largest entry for many years. 

Jacob Adkin of the local Moorfoot Runners club not only took the win but smashed the record that had stood for almost two decades. He clocked 22:38, and was over four minutes clear of Matthew Sullivan, also of  Moorfoot Runners. Jacob is from Peebles and has some amazing acolades to his name including winning the European Mountain Running title in 2019, and finishing 20th at this years World Champs in Austria. He was up and down before most of the field had made it to the top!

It was fitting that the trophy was presented by the previous course record holder Euan Jardine, who is now the Leader of Scottish Borders Council. And similar to last year where both the men's and women's race was won by a couple it was Katie Hall, Jacob's girlfriend, who was fastest, and they each enjoyed a £80 top prize.

For the men 3rd was Irvine Welsh of Gala Harriers, 1st Veteran was Kieron Ross in 4th, and 1st Local, 2nd Vet was Andy Cox of the home club Moorfoot Runners in 5th. Mairi Eades was second woman, Isla Patterson 3rd, Kate Jenkins 4th and 1st Vet, and Magda Janus was 1st Local. Other Moorfoots running were Jen Misak 2nd FVet, Colin Williams, and Martin Holt

Many thanks to Walkerburn resident and Gala Harrier Bob Johnson, for providing the sponsorship of the substantial Hill Race prize fund through his company Realistic Engineering Analysis, and he also found the energy to do the race!

Colin Williams (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab -
