---
title: "Northern Highlights Hill Race Championship"
date: 2023-12-09
excerpt: "Highland Hill Runners are initiating a North of Scotland Hill Running Championship"
---

Highland Hill runners formed a small committee to look at way of encouraging hill running participation in the North of Scotland. It was decided to initiate a North of Scotland hill running championship. Similar athletic series are taking part in areas outside the Highlands which means a great deal of travelling for runners who want to take part and the travelling can be slightly discouraging. The championship series would be open to all runners and not ring fenced within clubs. The series term would run from January to September and to encourage participation across a range of different races to include at least 12 races, best of 4 scoring.

A Facebook page would be set up to show league positions, race calendar and updates. SHR would be contacted to enter the series on their championship list. All clubs within the Highlands would be contacted to help interaction with the series.

Prizes would be given out to age group winners with trophies for first female and open winners.

\- See guidelines for the series below.

**Northern Highlights Hill Race Championship**.

Northern Highlights is a hill race championship in a league format initiated by Highland Hill Runners and managed by members of the club.

**Area**\- Highland Council Boundary with some flexibility to include hill races close to the boundary.

**Scoring**\- Best of 4 races from the included races. Two scoring systems used open and female.

First open and first female win 1 point, second place 2 points, 15th place 15 points etc., Runner with the lowest points over best of 4 races wins. In the event of a draw the win is shared.

**Prizes**\- Trophy for first Open and first Female. Prizes for Age classes Open and female U23,40, 50,60,70, 80. Prize giving announced after last race in series.

**Entry to Northern Highlights Series**\- There is no entry fee for entering the series. Scoring from hill races will be tabulated by HHR and displayed on the Facebook site.

**Scoring Races.**

Beinn Ratha

Cioch Mhor

Craig Dunain

Creag Bheag

Creag Dhubh

Eagles Crag

Glamaig

Meall a Giuthais

Meall an t-Suidhe

Srathpeffer Games

Strathconnon Games

Two Mamores

Totternish Ridge

Wilderness Challenge - 25mile

Race Committee in alphabetic order- Graham Arthur, Steven Burnside, Dave Cummins, Caroline Marwick, Russell McKechnie, Arron Sparks, Luke Taylor.
