---
title: "Ben Lomond - Race Entry via Protay from Thu 6th April"
date: 2023-04-05
excerpt: "Race Date: 6th May 2023. Race Time: New start time 12pm (midday). Race Registration & Start: The new registration & start line will be at the overflow car park, 0.5 km before Rowardennan, Loch Lomond."
---

**Entries open 6th April. -** 

[Ben Lomond Hill Race 2023 (protay.co.uk)](https://protay.co.uk/benlomond23/index.php)

**  
  
Race Date: 6th May 2023.  
Race Time: New start time 12pm (midday).**  
Race Registration & Start: **The new registration & start line** will be at the overflow car park, 0.5 km before Rowardennan, Loch Lomond.

**Car park:** Balmaha car park, with event mini-bus to Rowardennan. If you don't use the event mini-bus the future of the race will be at risk.  
W3W: https://w3w.co/caged.hubcaps.regular  
///caged.hubcaps.regular

Parking at Rowardennan Forestry Commission car park will be impossible - it fills up early in the morning with hillwalkers. **There is no parking at the hotel.**  
  
**PLEASE CATCH THE EVENT MINI-BUS FROM BALMAHA**. If you don't do so the future of the race will be at risk.  
There are no changing facilities, but you can have a free cold bath in Loch Lomond afterwards.  
Competitors must take primary responsibility for their own safety on the hill.  
Kit checks will be made at registration : no kit = no number. You must have the following minimum kit with you at all times during the race: waterproof jacket with hood, waterproof overtrousers, hat, gloves, whistle. This is the minimum kit requirement for this event, but you are responsible for carrying any additional items you consider necessary for your own protection given the conditions, or as the race organiser may dictate on the day. Failure to comply will mean automatic disqualification from the event. All of the above is for your own safety - hypothermia can be fatal.
