---
title: "The Krunce Race Series is back !!"
date: 2023-03-08
excerpt: "First Tuesday in the month racing returns to Aberdeenshire with the return of the Krunce series after a couple of years absence…."
---

The Krunce Series on the first Tuesday in every month from April to September is back and on Entry Central - [Krunce 2023 - EntryCentral](https://www.entrycentral.com/event/122201?fbclid=IwAR2sFIZlUs9Vz8viwOfqaBAS6JEPBOXXWyfrkNGsxOCFealne30DBZjQUMk)

Cosmic Hillbashers (CHB), Insch Trailing Running Club (ITRC), Garioch Roadrunners (GRR)

4th April (CHB)

2nd May (CHB)

6th June (ITRC)

4th July (GRR)

1st August (GRR)

5th September (ITRC)

Start Time: 1900 hrs

  
**Length:** 7.5km (approx). Height gain: 140m (approx)

**Route:** 

*   In agreement with ACC Countryside Ranger to **avoid a miner bee habitat** and **an active badger set.**
*   **GPX Map** if not shown here will be on websites soon: or look out for FB page Krunce 2023.

**Arriving by Car:** Craibstone Golf Course, Aberdeen AB21 9SX.

Please do not park or drive on the grass. You will be directed to dedicated car parking.

**Arriving by Public Transport:** From Aberdeen: Bus 10 from Aberdeen alight at STOP: Chapel of  
Stoneywood Road (WEST BOUND). Walk 19 minutes. Approx 0.9 mile. To Aberdeen: Walk 19 minutes  
Approx 0.9 mile Caution: CROSS A96 WITH CARE and board at STOP: Chapel of Stoneywood Road  
(East Bound)

**Craibstone Golf Course Cafe and Toilets:** 

Coffee, Teas, Soft drinks and cakes availble for April and May and will review June onwards based on how busy they have been. Cafe will be open for prize giving in September.

Please support the cafe as much as possible.

You can view the race start from the cafe windows, bonus!

**Insurance:** Scottish Hill Runners Safety Rules

**Permissions:** Craibstone Golf Marshall Leisure, Aberdeen City Council Events and ACC CountrySide Ranger

**Prize Giving:** Tuesday September 5th 2023 (2000hrs): Craibstone Golf Course Club House and  
Cafe. Special permission has been granted by the Golf Course to operate the cafe  
where you can purchase hot drinks and soup.

**Prizes:**

Fastest cumulative time 4 out of 6 races.

*   1st, 2nd and 3rd Female 
*   1st, 2nd and 3rd Male (OPEN)
*   1st Female V40, V50, V60, V70 
*   1st Male V40, V50, V60, V70 (OPEN)

Most improved 6 out of 6 races using points system

*   Female
*   Male (OPEN)

Entry cost:

*   £6 for the all 6 races or any number of races.
*   Entry will stay open until June 7th 2023.

**Number:** Keep your number for all 6 races
