---
title: "Bog & Burn Series Update after 12 races"
date: 2023-08-13
excerpt: "Just one race to go! At Caerketton on Wednesday. Here are all the stats."
---

Bog and Burn update after 12 races, a big thanks to Hayden Lorimer for his help in spotting errors in my previous update.

The delayed Cort ma Law race has shanking up the standings a bit. With just one race remaining most categories have a winner, but some women categories are still all to play for. If it looks like you are up for a prize, please come along to Carketton. The prize giving will be as soon after the race as we can work out all the maths.

For the women. Ella Foreman has now seeled the series win. 5 wins and 1 2nd place gives her an unbeatable lead. However, 2nd and 3rd are very much up for grabs. Nicola Dawson and Hazel Dean are neck and neck with just 2 points separating them. Edel Mooney is also in a strong position and could jump both with a good run at Carketton. The W40 category is led by Nicola Dawson but she could be passed by Edel if she runs on Wednesday. The W50 category looks like it's been sown up by Susan Lindsay, but Fiona Kelsal still has a slim chance to win with a strong run at Carketton. Hazel Dean has won the W60 category beating all the W50 and showing consistent form throughout the series. Susan Lindsay has run all 12 races so far.

In the mens, Alistair Thornton has the series sown up. George Phillips is safe in 2nd too and James MacLeod looks like nobody can pass him for 3rd. James has also won the M40 category. Justin Carter has won the M50 category. Mickey Anderson has won the M60 and Murdo MacLeod has won the M70. Andrew Fullwood and Ian Easton have run all 12 races so far.

In the club category, Westies have dominated this year with 8 wins so far. Ochil are 2nd and look safe to stay in that position. 3rd is a close battle between Shettleston and Carnethy.

Niall McAlinden

[2023 Bog & Burn after 12 races](Download.aspx?Item=BnB2023_12.xlsx)
