---
title: "Arrochar Alps - Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-06-25
excerpt: "Wins for Harry Pulham (Shettleston) and Catriona Graves (HHR) at the Arrochar Alps Long Classic Race on Saturday 24th June."
---

A clag-covered course saw wins by Harry Pulham and Catriona Graves. There was a steady stream of finishers complaining about their own navigational hiccups including the whole leading pack of 4 who summited an extra Corbett before finding the true summit of Beinn Ime. It wasn't a year for records - more so a solid reminder that the hill is the boss, we just run on them.

47 ran and 42 completed the race. Perhaps most notably 1/3 of the field were female, which is a figure to be celebrated and built upon. It's no secret that the ladies often outperform the men at these long classics, but getting them to the start line can be a challenge. An early start option was trialed this year to increase the inclusivity of the event without adding additional requirements to the hill marshals. This allowed people who expected to take 6hrs+ to opt to start at 10am instead of the main start at 11am. 4 people took up this option and all made the cutoffs and finished the race when they would have otherwise been timed out. Well done to them. We will run with this again next year.

Well done to all completists and a big thank you to race sponsors: Fyne Ales for a great selection of consumable prizes; Arrochar Village Hall for the hospitality; and George and team at Arrochar Mountain Rescue for their presence which was reassuring and thankfully not needed in anger. The biggest thanks go to the hill marshals, finish line timekeepers and sweepers for carrying out their jobs with style and class. All in there were 18 westies volunteering out there. If you needed any proof that they are perhaps the best small to medium sized running club based in the West end of Glasgow, here you have it.

Ally MacInnes  (Race Organiser)

Full race results on the SHR results tab.
