---
title: "Bog & Burn Update"
date: 2023-06-15
excerpt: "Bog & Burn Update report from Niall after 7 races."
---

Bog and Burn update after 7 races

With Cort Ma Law postponed (probably cancelled) that means only 5 races left, so we have a good idea of who the key contenders are.

In the club competition, Westies currently lead with 9 points, (4 wins, a 2nd and a 3rd), but it's much tighter than last year. Ochil are currently in 2nd (13 points, 1 win, 3 2nd places and a 3rd), however, two races on home turf coming up I expect them to improve their rankings. Carnethy also has a good chance to move up several places, currently, they have only competed in 4 races, but have won 2. With the race Turnhouse and Caerketton still to race they could easily catch Westies. Remember it is a combination of your club's top 3 men and top 3 women that count for the club prize.

In the men’s competition, Alistair Thornton has a commanding lead. A win at Kaim, 2nd at Beinn Dubh and Ben Sheann and a 3rd at the Whangie Wizz puts him in a commanding position. However, he’ll need one or two more strong finishes to give himself the best chance of the win. As it currently stands, last year’s winner Harry Pulham is his strongest challenger, Harry has a win at Beinn Dubh and 2nd place finishes at Kaim and the Kilps. The M40s are led by James MacLeod, with Iain MacCorquodale chasing hard. M50s are led by Ian Easton, however, if Justin Carter can make it to a few more races he should really close the gap. M60s are currently led by David Duncan, but Micky Anderson should have an unsurmountable lead if he finishes one more race. Murdo MacLeod has a big advantage in the M70 category, but it could be very tight if Pat Fitzpatrick can complete 3 more races.

In the women’s competition, Susan Lindsay has a very narrow lead from Collette Ashworth, with Edel Mooney also with a good shout for the win. Ella Foreman, however, has won the 3 races she has run, so if she can make it to 3 more, she will likely take home the Haggis trophy. Edel Mooney has a dominant lead in the F40 category, although she will need to finish 2 more races to take home the prize.  Susan Lindsay is in a very strong position in the F50 category. However, Angela Mudge could rapidly move up if she can make it to 4 of the 5 remaining races. In the F60 Kay McGreevy has a commanding lead and just needs to finish 2 more races. Hopefully, Sheila Strain can make it to all the remaining races and complete the series as an F70.

Susan Lindsay, Andrew Fullwood, David Duncan and Ian Easton have completed all the races so far.

I will include a full update of the results spreadsheet in my next update when I have the Turnhouse results.

Bog and Burn Coordinator

Niall
