---
title: "Ballater Games - Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-08-11
excerpt: "The race record that has stood for 45 years was broken at the Ballater Games by Jamie Crowe on Thursday 10th August. Wins for Jamie and Katie Lowery (Doss AC)."
---

Well after 45 years we can now safely consign the oldest record in the Scottish hill racing books to history, Fred Reeves' magnificent time of 16:59 was bettered by Jamie Crowe at a sunny and warm Ballater Highland Games.

An impressive Thursday afternoon turnout of 81 runners headed through the village and onto the steep climb of Craig Coillich, Jamie led the runners out of the arena, closely followed by the ultra-consistent James Espie, the others were left trailing  in their wake as the two runners had their mind set on besting the course record. 

And it was Jamie who came back into the arena with about 50 seconds left to break the record, he duly delivered and crossed the line having given his all in a fantastic new record time of 16:48. James was the only person who could live with this pace, he held Jamie on the up and down but was no match for the superior road speed of his fellow competitor.

The Deeside Runners man was only 33 seconds back and was in the arena before Jamie had crossed the line, great running from both of these fine athletes.

Tim Stratton from Doss AC rounded out the podium in a very respectable sub 20 - minute clocking, just pipping Pete Harrison from Howgill in the finishing straight.

The Ladies event was equally hotly contested, Katie Lowery defended her title in great fashion with a quick time of 22:14 taking a minute or so out of Jodie Gray from Keswick AC who just held off a fast-finishing Steph Provan from Deeside, who in turn bested her clubmate Laura Murray, Hannah Cox and Eilidh Campbell closed out the prizewinners.

Craig Freshwater, Stuart Pringle and Peter Torrance, all Deeside Runners, had a very close race to decide the MV40 category, with Craig taking the club bragging rights for this year.

The FV40 category had Steph well ahead of Andrea Peer from the USA.

Jason Willamson from Cosmics had a great run to win the inaugural Sandy Sinclair Memorial shield for best over 50 athlete, Graeme Anderson and Colin Larmour rounded out this category.

Pauline Larmour seemed to enjoy her run and was delighted to be first in the FV50 stakes.

The MV60 category reminded me of many past races I participated in, Alan Smith leading home Des Crowe this time, not much in it, I have seen those two chasing each other over the hills for many a year! Phil Mann came home third in a well-supported category. 

It was great to see the record being taken and, in such style, I am sure Jamie will enjoy the £450 race record bonus, I did see him in one of the local bars afterwards and am pretty sure he was buying the drinks.

Andy Bain

Full results on the SHR results tab
