---
title: "The Falkland Yomp Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-01-10
excerpt: "Wins for Eliot Sedman (Carnethy) and Catriona MacDonald (Bellahouston RR) at the inaugural Falkland Yomp race on Sunday 8th January"
---

Falkland Yomp Race Report

The Lomies set up this new race as an early season cold weather option that was as hilly as could be without going up a big hill in potentially bad weather.  10.7 Km with 452m of ascent ????is a favourable ratio.

All the post race feedback was incredibly positive and praised the quality of the route, marshalling, organisation, post race hospitality and good prizes.  So we are pleased it achieved its goal and we are likely to keep the event as it is for next year.

It was a decent day for the time of year with cold front showers but not overly cold.  The route would need an orienteering map for navigation, so it was marked to save confusion, and full hill gear not required.

We arranged an early start to ensure the race was inclusive, give more people the experience of a hillier event, and to help reduce the time pressure on marshalls in poor weather. This was much appreciated and about 40 entrants took up the early start. Notable was Anne Cameron who told me on a recce run, that she was one of the ladies who back in the day, encouraged the Westies to open up its membership to women.  Men only clubs, results entries and prizes were common, despite women entering and doing very well. As a society, we've come a long way and I think we can all agree, the hill racing scene is very inclusive.  In the coming years, it will be interesting to see how much more inclusivity develops.

Onto the race and first home was Eliot Sedman, Carnethy comfortably ahead of Andrew Davis, Ochils and Andrew Lamont, Carnethy. First Lady and a strong 6th overall was Catriona MacDonald of Bellahouston RR, followed by (another impressive run in Lomie races) Heather Anderson Fife AC, and 3rd was Amy Tait Westwell, Falkland TR in the tightest race for placings with Paige Brown, Perth RR.

There was a large 25% dropout due to the new covid and lurgy that's been doing the rounds the last couple of months, but the initial large uptake and feedback leaves me positive for next year and I hope it is a positive trend in race numbers picking back up.

Thanks for reading and hopefully see some of you at the Falkland Yomp next year and Bishop hill race at the beginning of March.

Iain Simpson,

Lomond Hill Runners

Full results on the SHR results tab.
