---
title: "2023 Long Classics Series – Final Scores"
date: 2023-10-01
excerpt: "Final scores in the 2023 series after the Two Breweries race, which was the last race in series following cancellation of Pentland Skyline"
---

**2023 Long Classics Series – Final Scores**

Final scores in the 2023 series after Two Breweries race, which was last race in series following cancellation of Pentland Skyline, are as per link below.

In the Men’s competition, **Steve Halsall** of **Shetts**, held on to top spot, finishing 16 points ahead of **Tom Daly** of **Keswick**. **Iain Gilmore** of **Carnethy** made up the podium positions. **Eliot Sedman** of **Carnethy** was 1st V40 and 4th overall. **Walter Henderson** of **Cumbernauld** was 1st V50 and 6th overall with **Don Reid** of **Westies** finishing 1st V60 in 14th place overall.

In the Women’s competition, **Sarah Hodgson** of **Carnethy**, claimed top spot after her win at Two Breweries, her 2nd win in the series, after winning at Stuc earlier in the year. **Ella Peters** of **Westies** finished in 2nd place with **Angela Mudge** of **Ochils** finishing in 3rd place. **Angela** was also 1st v40 and 1st V50. **Hazel Dean** of **Ochils** was 1st V60 in 12th place overall.

Special mention to **Nicky Spinks** of **Dark Peak** who completed all races in the series this year which I think is a first. She also finished 4th overall in the women’s competition.

There were 33 people (19 men and 14 women)  who completed 4 or more races in the series this year, which was 8 more than last year, so good to see a few more people taking part in the series.

As usual, if you spot any issues with scores, please let me know and I’ll do my best to resolve asap.

Thanks

Stewart Whitlie

[Long Classics Final Results](Download.aspx?Item=2023 SHR Long Classics Final.xlsx)
