---
title: "Red Moss Kips - Race Report & Results"
date: 2023-06-13
excerpt: "Wins for James Dunn (Corstorphine AAC) and Nicola Duncan (Carnethy) at the Red Moss Kips race on Wednesday 7th June."
---

**Lovely evening for Red Moss Kips Hill Race**

Good wins from James Dunn of Corstorphine AAC for the men and Nicola Duncan of Carnethy HRC for the women who was also first FV40.

Nice to see the youngsters coming through the junior ranks to the seniors and 18 yr old Angus Wright had a fast run to finish in 2nd place.

We had plenty folk arriving by cycle and bus and car-sharing and visiting runners from Westies, Ochils , the borders, the Howgills and even Montana in the USA.

Quite a few veterans managed the local challenge of beating their age in minutes - easier if you are over 50!

And strong finishes from the hardy group of folk who are still running up and down hills in their 70s- well done Brian Howie of Carnethy who was first MV70 and Sheila Strain of HBT who was first FV70

Thanks to all marshalls , helpers (many from HBT) and runners, and Catriona Bruce from Blastrunning for the chip timing and Paul from Grey Horse Inn for the soup at the pub after.

\--

Red Moss Kips Hill race - carbon impact assessment

The Pentland Hills Land Managers Association asked us to estimate the Carbon footprint of the Red Moss race  this year as part of our permissions for the race, and to consider actions to reduce our carbon footprint. We introduced some discounts to the entry fee based on method of transport to the race as an experiment to see if that had any impact.

Donald Naylor led on these calculations for the race and added a few questions to the online entry form to gather information on the transport choices of runners.

Here are the summary results:

*   Collectively the 111 entrants planned to travel a total of 4970km to attend the event , of these 97 turned up and completed the race

based on travel choices collected on the online entry form: 

*   22 people (20%) intended to come by public transport, travelling a combined distance of 765 km.
*   45 people (41%)  intended to come  by bike or foot, travelling a combined distance of 926 km.
*   31 people (28%)  intended to come in a shared car, covering 746 vehicle kms with an average 2.6 people per vehicle.
*   13 people (12%) intended to drive alone, covering another 1229 km.

The total emissions associated with travel to the event have been calculated as 432kg CO2 (3.9kg CO2 per person) which represents a saving of 413kg CO2 (49%) compared to everyone driving in their own cars.

To put that in perspective on average every person in the UK is responsible for emissions equating to 27kg CO2 every day so you can see that this local hill race has a small, but not insignificant impact on that daily total.

We think this may be one of the first attempts to do a rough calculation of the carbon footprint measurement for a hill race in Scotland ( based on transport choices). It’s important we start to measure things so we understand the impact of our choices, and reducing our environmental impact is something that all of us need to think about. 

cheers

Jamie Thin HBT

Donald Naylor HBT

Full results on the results tab.
