---
title: "Carnethy Skyloop"
date: 2024-09-17
excerpt: "Entries are open on SiEntries for the Carnethy Skyloop which is replacing the Pentland Skyline race on Sunday 13th October"
---

Enter via SiEntries - [SiEntries - Carnethy Skyloop Hill Race](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?event_id=14103)

A Category 'A' Long hill race covering over 30km and 1700m of ascent in the Pentland Hills south of Edinburgh.

Much of the route will be familiar to Scottish hill runners as it resembles the traditional 'Pentland Skyline' route. While the route is not quite the same and skips a few key peaks, we believe this new route still offers a suitable challenge and good route and we are delighted to be able to offer a race after the ongoing the issues the club has faced.

Registration, as well as start and finish at the Lothianburn Clubhouse, Midlothian, Grid Reference NT 24874 67276, from 9:00am.

Please note that this start and registration location is not the same as previous Skylines, and is lower down the hill.

Race start time is 11:00am. For those in the MV60 & FV50 or above categories there is an optional earlier start at 10:00am. See details below.

Taking part in this race is a **serious undertaking.** As a rule of thumb, your finish time will be comparable to your road marathon time. The race route includes steep ascents and descents, on loose and rough ground, and sections of difficult open moorland. The course is mostly unmarked, you are required to be able to navigate over difficult terrain in low visibility conditions.
