---
title: "Arrochar Alps - Race Report & Results"
date: 2024-07-03
excerpt: "Wins for Finlay Wild (Lochaber) and Jill Stephen (Deeside) at the SHR Championship race at Arrochar on Saturday. And Finlay broke the record and three hour barrier."
---

**Arrochar Alps - Race Report & Results**

Scottish Championships Counter - Saturday 29th June 2024.

An exciting race! Finlay Wild (Lochaber) sets new men’s course record with the first and only sub-3hr completion to date.

Jill Stephen (Deeside) takes the women’s title again.

108 started. 103 completed. Another successful early start reduced the number of runners timed out.

Clear visibility helped ensure everyone got round the course safely. There were no major incidents and the few drop-outs were generally minor injuries/niggles, instead of navigation errors.

The good visibility may have played its part in Finlay lowering Ben Bardsley’s previous mens course record (3:07:19, 2012) by a staggering 9 minutes to 2:58:35.

The legendary Jill Stephen took the women’s title this year although Jasmine’s 2012 record still stands.

The number of sign ups were high this year by Arrochar standards, due to being a Champs year. Due to limited parking in Arrochar, a limit on the number of entrants was reluctantly imposed. Although we over-subscribed by a healthy number, it was disappointing to have the 150+ entrants on the start list with a few days to go, drop to just 108 on the day, when there were fit people on a waiting list. Nonetheless, it was great to see a high calibre of Scottish champs contenders race hard on the day. Apparently the pace along the glen at the start was rapid!

We had marshals covering the course on  all tops and cols. mainly made up of Westies who embraced the cold winds and provide encouragement in various forms. Big thanks.

One stat: 3/4 of finishers men, 1/4 of finishers women. Women were prioritised in the ballot so still a notable difference. Last year we had 1/3 women finishers. More work to be done.

The race is very grateful for the continued support by Arrochar Mountain Rescue, who sent teams out to the dam and the final col and were ready for action. Thankfully they had a quiet day. When the dust settles with the race costs, a hopefully decent donation will be heading their way.

Finally, a big thanks to Fyne Ales who have generously sponsored the prize-giving at the race for a number of years, to everyone’s delight.

Well done the runners.

Ally MacInnes (Race Organiser)

(P.s I have a couple bits of lost property, drop me a line if they are yours.)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
