---
title: "Comrie Relays - Results & Report"
date: 2024-09-06
excerpt: "Wins for Howgill Harriers and Carnethy in the male and female categories at the Simon Wake Comrie Hills Relays on Sunday 1st September"
---

Congratulations to **Howgill Harriers FKS** for breaking the 11 year old course record at this year’s relay. Their time of 3.05.30 for the 43km course including 1700m of climb and some challenging terrain, eclipsed the 3.10.54 set by **Forres Harriers** in 2013. Two leg wins from **Fergus Roberts** on Leg 1 and **Ben van Dijk** on Leg 4, backed up with 2 second places from **Alistair Thornton** on Leg 2 and **Sam Fisher** on leg 3 saw them home first from a strong **Central AC** team in 2nd and **Deeside** in 3rd.

For the women, it was a comfortable victory for the **Carnethy** quartet of **Polly Edwards** **Grace Pow**, **Laura Dozier** and **Clare McDonnell** who recorded an excellent time of 4.09.45. **Deeside** were second home with **Falkland Trailrunners** in 3rd.

In the vets categories, it was a win for **Ochil** men with **Strathearn** in 2nd and **Shettleston** 3rd and local club, **Strathearn** picked up the victory for the women with **Westies** in 2nd and a second **Strathearn** team in 3rd.

The mixed category prize (minimum of 2 women) was also claimed by **Strathearn** with **Ochils** 2nd and **HBT** in 3rd.

As mentioned, **Fergus Roberts** and **Ben van Dijk** were our male winners on legs 1 and 4. Leg 2 was claimed by **Ralph McInally** of Strathearn, just 21 seconds off the course record and the leg 3 winner was **Joe Wright** of Deeside who is just the 6th runner in the 18 years that the race has been run, to join the exclusive sub-one-hour club for this leg. **Polly Edwards** of Carnethy won leg 1, Deeside’s **Jill Stephen** took the prize on leg 2, **Laura Dozier** of Carnethy was fastest on leg 3 with **Gemma Griffiths** of Shettleston winning leg 4.

While the relay was coming to a conclusion, there was an excellent turnout for the junior race with 43 runners taking to the start line. It was great to see a good contingent from **Shettleston Harriers** alongside the large numbers of **Strathearn** runners and also representation from **Perth Strathtay** and **Central AC** plus a large number of unattached runners.

Overall winners in the main junior race were **Harris Turnbull** of Strathearn who just pipped team-mate **Angus Thomson** to the line in a tight finish with **Quinn McInally**, also of Strathearn in 3rd. For the girls it was **Rowan Lennox** of Shettleston, followed by **Robin Perez-Reid** from Strathearn and **Kezia Swift** of Perth Strathtay.

Full results for both the relay and the junior race (including the Under 9 fun run) can be found on the race [website](https://www.strathearnharriers.org.uk/our-races/simon-wake-comrie-hills-relay/race-results-and-record-times)
