---
title: "Calling Hill Runners"
date: 2024-05-27
excerpt: "Are you a hill runner living in Scotland? You are invited to share your experiences of tick bites and Lyme disease and prevention practices. We want to hear from you whether or not you have ever been bitten!"
---

You are invited to participate in an anonymous digital survey for a research project investigating tick bites, Lyme disease and tick bite preventative behaviours in hill runners, aged 18 and over, living in Scotland. This research will develop insights into the prevalence of tick bites and tick-borne disease encountered by hill runners and the practice of preventative behaviours. You are invited to take part regardless of whether you have ever had a tick bite.

Further details about the study and what participation entails are included in the attached participant information sheet. If you provide consent to participate, you will be automatically directed to the digital survey of 32 questions to undertake in your own time. The questions are predominantly multiple choice and take around 15 minutes to complete.

It is your choice to participate in the study and you can withdraw during the pre-survey information stage or survey stage without needing to give a reason. You will not be advantaged or disadvantaged in any way for participating, not participating or withdrawing. Once you submit the survey there will be no way to withdraw your submission as identifiers will not be stored and all survey responses are anonymous.

Please ask us if there is anything that is not clear or if you would like more information. If you would like to find out more about the study, please email us at: [a.heath@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:a.heath@imperial.ac.uk)

Please find the link to the survey here: [https://imperial.eu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_6R1IABoNzGntx1s](https://imperial.eu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_6R1IABoNzGntx1s) 

Kind regards,

 Mabel Balfour, Global Master of Public Health student

and

Dr Alicia Heath, PhD

School of Public Health, Imperial College London

90 Wood Lane, London W12 0BZ, United Kingdom
