---
title: "Lairig Ghru Race Report & Results"
date: 2024-07-01
excerpt: "Wins for Sebastian Batchelor (Unattached) & Katie Wilson (Highland Hill Runners) at the Lairig Ghru Race on Sunday 30th June"
---

An amazing 217 runners made it through the Lairig yesterday to make the finish line in Aviemore of this year’s Lairig Ghru Hill Race.  

In the men’s race Seb Batchelor took a comfortable win in an amazing 3.05.26, followed up by Tom Martyn, HBT (3.15.31) and Matthew Gooch, Deeside (3.19.44). 

Paul Faulkner, Carnethy, took the MV50 title in 3.32.49 just 2 mins off Ben Preece’s long-standing record. Graeme Kafka, HBT, kept his face and teeth intact this year whilst claiming the MV40 title in 3.36.57. Adrian Davies, Lomond, claimed MV60 in 4.30.19. Finally Jakob Ipsen, ITRC, came in at 4.33.04 to gain MU23, ahead of both his Mum and Dad who both also completed the race. 

In the ladies race Katie Wilson of HHR took the win in 4.04.49 over Ochill’s Fanni Gyuriko who finished in 4.13.46. Alice Everett completed the podium in 4.18.37. 

Liza Bradshaw, CLC Striders, took the FV40 title in 4.20.26, with Suzanne Lafferty taking the FV50 prize in 4.42.50. Finally Deeside’s Katie Entwistle came in 6.11.27 taking the FU23 prize at just 19 years old. 

Team prizes went to HBT for the men: Tom Martyn, Calum Fisher and Graeme Kafka. For the ladies it was HHR: Katie Wilson, Erin Rendall and Rachel Watson. 

An additional mention also has to go to Tim Morgan, Carnethy, George Phillips, Ella Peters and Gaby Macbeth, all Westies, who completed the “Dirty Double”. After trashing their Quads at Arrochar on Saturday they all opted to then do the same to their Hamstrings at the LG. 

Amongst the rest there was first crossings, repeat offenders, team efforts and those for whom this race has strong personal significance. It’s always a pleasure to see all the emotions as people cross the finish line, a fantastic well done to all. 

Finally a big shout out to @protay\_timing, @cairngormmrt, @marlodgeestate, @rothiemurchus, the communities of Braemar and Aviemore, and of course the amazing DR volunteers Without these guys this race could not happen. See you all next year. 

Katie Henderson (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
