---
title: "Final Positions for 2024 SHR Championship"
date: 2024-10-08
excerpt: "This year 70 runners completed the required 4 races of the 6 (and for over 60s, it was, of course, any four of the six races). This is slightly down on last year, so perhaps the races didn’t suit as many people.   However, more people than last year completed all 6 of the races..."
---

This year 70 runners completed the required 4 races of the 6 (and for over 60s, it was, of course, any four of the six races). This is slightly down on last year, so perhaps the races didn’t suit as many people.  
However, more people than last year completed all 6 of the races, namely : Gordon Pryde (Lomond), Jonathan Turnbull (Strathearn H), John Connaghan (Shettleston), Ross Cruickshanks (Shettleston) & Adam Anderson (Hartfell), and another 19 people completed 5 of the 6 races.

After the final race at Run Of The Mill, the 2024 champions are :  
Senior Women Ella Peters (Westerlands);  
Over 40 Women Angela Mudge (Ochil), for the 3rd time in a row;  
Over 50 Women Angela Mudge (Ochil), again for the 3rd time in a row;  
Over 55 Women Nicky Spinks (Dark Peak), retaining her title;  
Over 60 Women Hilary Ritchie (Fife), another one defending her title;  
Over 65 Women Jane Oliver (Deeside);  
Under 23 Women Gemma Griffiths (Shettleston)  

Senior Men Rory Abernethy (Ochil);  
Over 40 Men Andy Fallas (Carnethy) – for the 3rd time in a row;  
Over 50 Men Kenny Richmond (Shettleston), who retained his title;  
Over 55 Men Kenny Richmond (Shettleston);  
Over 60 Men Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy);  
Over 65 Men Don Reid (Westerlands);  
Over 70 Men Murdo MacLeod (Westerlands), retaining his title;  
Under 23 Men – no award.

For the teams, Ochil won the Senior Men’s in a close contest from Carnethy and Shettleston (so Carnethy just missed the British/Scottish double!), while Carnethy and Shettleston dead heated in the Men’s Over 40 team championship.  
Ochil's win in the Senior Men's is rather special as not only is it the first time they have won it, it is also the first time since 1993 that the championship hasn't been won by Carnethy or Shettleston - that's 30 years !!  
Westerlands dominated the Senior Women’s team, with Shettleston coming second, and this is the second year in a row that Westerlands have won this category. Unfortunately no teams finished in the Over 40 Women’s category.

Congratulations to the champions and well done to all those who completed the series…and you will eventually get a valuable SHR mug (as long as you are a member) !

The Final 2024 tables are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2024 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2024 - Female.xls) for women.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
