---
title: "Entries for the 2024 UKA Relays will open on July 1st."
date: 2024-06-18
excerpt: "The SiEntries link is here for the 2024 UKA Relays"
---

Entries for the 2024 UKA Relays will open on July 1st. **-** **[www.sientries.co.uk/admin/setup/home\_page.php?event\_id=13668](https://urldefense.com/v3/__http:/www.sientries.co.uk/admin/setup/home_page.php?event_id=13668__;!!O7V3aRRsHkZJLA!GrfyWTyOmppdSnseQlAIW6j32LUBMxnqiLZfqqnhdlrckk-XLLbnauUy1oehPzjiNBEbUy-E6UqPLUwSn8TFkpO3dXka$)** 

Note that the event is being hosted by Wharfedale Harriers from the Yorkshire Dales village of Appletreewick

Due to the nature of the location, this year’s event will be restricted to a maximum of 150 teams.

*   **PRE-ENTRY WINDOW 1**  
    **Opening Date:1st July**  
    **Closing Date: 21st July**

For teams in championship categories who have been reserved a place based on their performance in the 2023 relays i.e. the first 20 teams in the open categories, first 10 in Over 40's and first 3 in the Male & Female Over 50 categories. [The list can be viewed here.](https://urldefense.proofpoint.com/v2/url?u=https-3A__www.sientries.co.uk_emails_images_38223_UKABritishFellandHillRelays-5FReserveList.pdf&d=DwMFAg&c=euGZstcaTDllvimEN8b7jXrwqOf-v5A_CdpgnVfiiMM&r=FwHi9-QKH3FQRmG-29QEvW5YwNudAjdatr1mvgkncIJ2_KOHJ_R_9nCVmA7jFhVf&m=wzp2YtVWxgrVVIqTZKxIbq9R2hSs63Wsd0zGsQx10ucXrD8jLn6PI_xMzSfGYNQr&s=nFoSy8GvoEqHmkwEQHBVGnbwTJ_riqUNjEPvlraMxn8&e=)  
Please add your pre-entry before the closing date, and invitations to confirm and pay will be sent out through SiEntries on or before 25th July & teams must pay by **18th August**

*   **PRE-ENTRY WINDOW 2**  
    **Opening Date: 25th July**  
    **Closing Date: 18th August**

**Ballot Entry** - Entries open to all clubs that are affiliated for fell running to UKA through their Home Country Athletics Federation (HCAF) to enter the ballot.  
**Top 10/Top 5 Submission** **-** Teams which did not qualify by their 2023 results, but who feel that they could achieve a top 10 finish in the open categories/top 5 finish in over 40 categories should pre-enter and then send a submission with evidence that they have the potential to achieve a top 10/top 5 finish to [fellrelayentries@wharfedaleharriers.co.uk](mailto:fellrelayentries@wharfedaleharriers.co.uk) by **1st August**  
Submissions will be rigorously assessed by an independent panel including representatives from each of the home countries by **8th August**. Successful teams will receive invitations by **11th August** & teams must pay by **18th August**

**BALLOT INVITATIONS**

A ballot for remaining places in open categories, over 40 & over 50 categories plus all places in Open (ie Mixed) over 60 category will be held in w/c 26 August

Invitations will be sent out through SiEntries to the successful teams in the ballot on or before 1st September.

Ballot invitations must be accepted/paid for by 16th September.

*   **REMAINING PLACES**

Invitations will be sent out to teams based on their sequence in the ballot to fill any remaining places.

Opening Date:  23rd September  
Closing Date: When all places have been filled or 11th October
