---
title: "Cort-ma Law Hill Race – Sign Up Details"
date: 2024-05-13
excerpt: "The Protay registration link for the Cort-ma Law Hill Race on Wednesday 29th May is now available"
---

The Protay registration link for the Cort-ma Law Hill Race on Wednesday 29th May is now available. Note the race start time is 19:30

Please pr-enter on the Protay link - [Cort-ma Law 2024 (protay.co.uk)](https://protay.co.uk/cortmalaw24/)

Runners are reminded that, as usual, they will be required to carry the following standard safety equipnet that will be checked at teh start of the race : 

*   Water/Wind-proof whole-body cover
*   Map of the route (see below)
*   Compass
*   Whistle

**The above kit requirements will be enforced strictly**.  Runners should also carry sufficient food and clothing to protect themselves in the worst foreseeable weather conditions during the race.  They must take primary responsibility for their own safety on the hill.  See “Hill Runners and Safety” on the Scottish Hill Runners [website](https://www.scottishhillrunners.uk/Safety.aspx)

**Entries:** Limited to 150 participants, after which a waiting list will be established. Entrant swaps are not permitted. Limited entry on the day unless the race entry limit has been reached.

Please share transport if at all possible.

**Changing Facilities** - There are no changing facilities.  
  
**Public Toilets** - Clachan of Campsie - [link](https://forestryandland.gov.scot/visit/lennox-forest).

**Anonymity** - Your name, race category and result will be published on the Scottish Hill Runners website and elsewhere unless you would prefer to have an anonymous result published, in which case please contact ProTay entries@protay.co.uk
