---
title: "Glas Tulaichean Race Report and Results"
date: 2024-05-13
excerpt: "Wins and new course records for Joe Steward and Scout Adkin at this year’s Senior Home International at Glas Tulaichean on Saturday 11th May"
---

Wins and new course records for Joe Steward and Scout Adkin at this year’s Senior Home International at Glas Tulaichean on Saturday 11th May.

**Race Report**

Another bright & warm day for this perennially sunny race saw 61 runners toe the start line for the 670m ascent of Glas Tulaichean.  This year we were pleased to host the Senior Home International so a record-breaking race was expected and duly delivered in style!  England’s Joe Steward was first to the top in a remarkable 31:22 smashing the previous course record set by second-placed Kristian Jones (Wales), with Bertie Houghton (England) coming in 3rd.

Not to be outdone, 1st female Scout Adkin (Scotland) broke Angela Mudge’s long-standing record from 2003, romping home in 38:33 well clear of Sara Willhoit & Eve Pannone of England.

Beyond the elite runners of the home nations I was delighted to see so many others across the age groups racing and rubbing shoulders together at the post-race tea.  Long may it continue.

Our thanks as ever to Dalmunzie Estate for continuing to support this event & especially to all the volunteers for making it run so smoothly: marshals, summit timekeepers, registration & all the folk involved in making the teas, sandwiches & cakes that were demolished afterwards.  And thanks too to all the runners for coming along & rewarding their efforts.

(Some black Asics trainers, UK size 5.5, were left behind after the race.  If they sound familiar get in touch & we’ll get them back to you.) 

Steve Matthews (Dundee Hawkhill Harriers)

Full results on the SHR results tab.

[Photos](https://urldefense.com/v3/__https:/www.facebook.com/events/1381674952517775/?active_tab=discussion__;!!O7V3aRRsHkZJLA!Bmm2gZZXlsIgLAMDBIVcPByjN3ZMk4kkaoZwPjvbBoTVCO7cEuE1lwOFcHan3JVuqlv2cX-M74q1O5dv7K4hXDnEvn-4$)
