---
title: "Meall a'Bhuachaille - Online Entry"
date: 2024-07-22
excerpt: "The SiEntries link for the Meall a'Bhuachaille race on Saturday 26th October opened today."
---

The SiEntries link for the Meall a'Bhuachaille race on Saturday 26th October opened today.

SiEntries Link - [https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event\_id=13974#:~:text=Saturday%2026th%20October%202024,July%202024%20at%2009%3A00](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=13974#:~:text=Saturday%2026th%20October%202024,July%202024%20at%2009%3A00).

Car parking is available at Badaguish, but please try and car share with other runners wherever possible to reduce potential environmental impact - or even better, use a bike of other environmentally friendly option to get to/from the race..   _**Please not that this year Badaguish are imposing a £5 parking charge per car which they will be collected upon arrival.**_

Race numbers can be collected from 1030 hrs in the hall next to the finish.  Runners wishing to register on the day can also register from 1030 hrs.   Please allow plenty of time if registering on day.  It would be a great help to the race organiser however if as many runners as possible do enter on-line prior to race day.  Thank you.

All runners must be aged 18 or over to register and enter the race.

No muddy shoes in the hall please.  Limited (free) refreshments will be available at the finish.  Sadly, the Badaguish cafe will not be open on the day.

The aim is to have prize giving at approx 1430 hrs.  Prizes will be awarded for the following categories:

Male & Female 1st 2nd 3rd , 1st Male Jnr 18-20  1st Female Jnr 18-20, 1st Male Team, 1st Female Team, Male and Female 40, 50, 60, 70 age cohorts (numbers given out for each to be confirmed on the day subject to entries). 

Competitors are able enter as non binary gender if they so wish and will then automatically be considered as competing in the relevant 'open' age category.

If an age category runner is placed in the top 3 positions then the age category prize goes to the next placed runner.

The race starts at Badaguish (NH 967114) where the first section of the route follows a forest track and then onto the hill path leading to the top of Meall a Bhuachaille (810m).  Descend by the same route to the bealach, contour along rough open hillside (faint path) to a knoll on the south ridge of Creagan Gorm (NH 978113) and then ascend via a narrow path up the top of Creagan Gorm (732m).   _**NOTE - runners must NOT ascend Creagan Gorm directly from the bealach.**_  From the summit of Creagan Gorm, follow a rough path along the ridge to the last summit of Craiggowrie (687m).   The start of the descent will be flagged and lead to a fast (and typically very boggy!) heather descent into the forest and then back down the track to Badaguish and the finish.

On a clear day if you have time to look there are spectacular views from most of the route.

The race route is primarily unmarked except for a few path junctions, first part of the descent from the last top and the final section through the forest.  Hill marshals will be present at designated checkpoints.

Navigation skills may be required in poor visibility.

In the event of bad weather the race organiser may decide that a lower level alternative route will be used.

_**Full waterproof body cover, hat, gloves, whistle, compass and map must be carried.  Kit checks will be in operation on race day.**_

Maps are available for purchase at registration £1 each.

Final race instructions will be sent out (by email) a few days before the race.
