---
title: "SHR Championship update after the Two Mamores"
date: 2024-06-13
excerpt: "After the Two Mamores we have had two races so it is now possible to see which runners are taking the championship seriously and moving to the top of the rankings. It is still possible, of course, for someone who has not done a race yet to do the next four and complete to get a mug or even win a championship category. So early days, but those with two good races under their belts can feel happy. ..."
---

After the Two Mamores we have had two races so it is now possible to see which runners are taking the championship seriously and moving to the top of the rankings. It is still possible, of course, for someone who has not done a race yet to do the next four and complete to get a mug or even win a championship category. So early days, but those with two good races under their belts can feel happy.

Like the first race, a different club won each of the four team categories with Carnethy leading the Senior Men’s; Westerland’s leading the Senior Women’s; Lochaber the Over 40 Women’s and Shettleston the Over 40 Men’s. The Over 40 Men’s Team was very close for the minor places as 2nd to 5th were separated by only 2 points with Lochaber on 36 points, Ochil and Highland both on 37 and Carnethy on 38 ! Remember that this is counting positions of Over 40 men only. Ochil beat Highland only by getting their last counter in first. Also, further down the Over 40 Team rankings, Westerland’s and Cosmic were both on 118 points, with Westerland’s edging it as their last counter was the 46th Over 40 and Cosmic’s was the 47th Over 40 ! Just shows it is sometimes worth that extra sprint to the line.

As some of the categories, including the Under 23s, were not listed in the Two Mamore's results, if you are not down as the correct category, please get in touch,

The 2024 tables after two races: [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2024 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2024 - Female.xls) for women.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
