---
title: "Craig Dunain - Race Report & Results"
date: 2024-03-17
excerpt: "Wins and new course records for Ross Gollan (East Sutherland AC) and Sarah Hodgson (Highland HR) at the Craig Dunain race on Saturday 16th March"
---

**Craig Dunain Hill 2024 race report**

We had a beautiful sunny Spring day for the 2024 Craig Dunain hill race, and the good weather, probably coupled with the race chosen to be the Scottish Athletics North District hill championships for 2024, resulted in a record entry of 117 seniors.

The race was won by Ross Gollan of East Sutherland AC in a new record time of 37.17. 2nd in the open race was Rob Sinclair of Highland Hill Runners, and 3rd was Alasdair Coupar of East Sutherland AC.

1st female was Sarah Hodgson of Highland Hill Runners, also in a new record time of 45.05. 2nd female was Catriona Graves, and 3rd was Helen Leigh, both also of Highland Hill Runners.

Age category winners were Dan Rowe-Leete (HHR) in the V40 open race, Robin Burnett (Inverness Harriers) in the V50 open, and Daniel Weir (Forres Harriers) V60 open.

Female V40 winner was Jill Stephen (Deeside Runners), FV50 Ruth Mackenzie (Deeside Runners) and Linda Smith (Moray Road Runners) in the FV60 category.

Team prizes went to HHR for the open and female teams.

There was also a junior race straight to the Craig Dunain mast and back, with 25 juniors entered. Category winners were MU12 Riley Davidson (Inverness Harriers), FU12 Iyla Soutar (Inverness Harriers), MU14 Ewan Thompson (Inverness Harriers), FU14 Anna Meek (Inverness Harriers), MU16 George Comisso (Ross County AC). No FU16 runners.

George and Anna also created new junior race records – 13.35 and 14.26 respectively.

Thank you to all the helpers; the marshals, the timekeepers, registration, folk in the hall doing the tea/coffee and clean up after, the back marker for the race and all the folk who provided food and baking for the runners afterwards. Thank you to Dochfour Estates and Robertson Homes for access, Leachkin Guides for use of the hall, and Nature Scot for use of their car park.

And thanks to all the runners for turning up and making it a great day.

Caroline Marwick, Highland Hill Runners
