---
title: "Arrochar Alps - Open For Entries on Tuesday 7th May"
date: 2024-05-06
excerpt: "The Protay link for the Arrochar Alps race (which is an SHR 2024 Championship race this year as well as being part of the Long Classics series) opens at midday on Tues 7th May."
---

Entries for Arrochar Alps opens at midday on Tuesday 7th May. The link on Protay is here - [https://protay.co.uk/arrocharalps24/](https://protay.co.uk/arrocharalps24/)

# Arrochar Alps Hill Race 2024

## SHR 2024 Championship race

#### Race Day : Saturday 29th June 2024

#### **Online Entries open midday 6th May 2024**

Entry fee £10.00.

**Pre-entry requirement** - Competitors must be at least 18 years old and should have previous experience of at least two category AL races, or equivalent. Ultras and long trail races are not considered equivalent experience.

Please include your suitable experience for vetting purposes and contact the Race Director with any queries on this. Following approval you will be sent payment instructions. The Race Directors decision is final with the interests of safety paramount.

**Race Director**: Ally MacInnes, [alasdair.macinnes@yahoo.com](mailto:alasdair.macinnes@yahoo.com)

**Race Start & Finish Location:** Track to Stronafyne Farm, Arrochar – OS Grid Ref: NN 29970 05161

**Race Registration:** Three Villages Hall, Arrochar. Between 0900 and 1040. Then 1km/10 minute walk to start line. Race briefing at 1050.

**Route and General Info:** This race was created in 1987 by Andy Dytch and Bobby Shields and takes in the four local munros. It ran until 1992 before being abandoned for 15 years. The race was resurrected in 2007 by Westerlands CCC.

Starting at sea level, the race heads up Glen Loin to the foot of Ben Vorlich, where runners pick their line to the summit cairn, a few hundred yards to the north of the trig point. Then it’s a very steep descent and over the Sloy Dam, before tackling the consistently steep ascent to Ben Vane. From the summit of Ben Vane head to the col near Lag Uaine, avoiding the many crags along the way and then climb SW to Beinn Ime. Footpaths suddenly reappear at the top of Beinn Ime and it’s fast going to the Bealach a’ Mhaim and on up to the fairly featureless summit plateau of Beinn Narnain. The climbing is now all done but beware the sting in the tail on the descent back down to Succoth!

Runners should be familiar with traveling across rough, trackless mountain terrain and be able to support themselves safely in all weathers. A key part of staying safe during the race is the ability to navigate accurately, while alone and often in poor visibility.  In line with SHR champs rules, GPS devices must not be used as a navigational aid during the race. The race route is not marked, with the exception of the last 2km or so along the forestry track to the finish. The ground from the summit of Ben Vorlich to the summit of Beinn Ime is pathless and cloud regularly covers the hillsides from the cols upwards. As a result, careful navigation is often required for much of the race.

Runners must wear or carry full waterproof body cover, hat, gloves, route map, compass, whistle, food and drink and hill shoes. Maps should be laminated or in a waterproof map case or bag. Kit will be checked at registration, before you are issued with a race number.

**The following cut off times will be enforced;**

Sloy dam - 13:40  
Col between Ben Vane & Beinn Ime - 14:50  
Bhealach a’ Mhaim - 15:45

Please remember that the cut off times are there for the safety of the marshals, as well as the runners. The aim is to get all runners back to the finish within six and a half hours. This places a reasonable limit on the amount of time that marshals need to spend in exposed locations on the summits, often in unpleasant weather. Follow marshals instructions at all times.

Car parking is available at the Council run car parks at the head of Loch Long. Citylink busses and ScotRail trains both provide a service to the area at suitable timings for participation. Please car share or use public transport where possible.

  
Prizegiving generously sponsored by Fyne Ales, and tea/coffee and biscuits back at the Three Villages Hall after the race.

Distance 25 km / 15.5 m  
Ascent 2400 m / 7874 ft

  
Record (M) 3:07:19 – Ben Bardsley (2012)  
Record (F) 3:42:02 – Jasmin Paris (2012)
