---
title: "Cairnsmore Hill Race - Saturday 14th December"
date: 2024-08-28
excerpt: "The Cairnsmore Hill Race is back in the SHR calendar - Sign up via SiEntries"
---

Entries via SiEntries - [SiEntries - Cairnsmore Hill Race](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?event_id=14139)

In December 2024 Nicky Spinks and Galloway Mountain Rescue will take on the running of this classic southern Galloway race with the blessing of, and thanks to, the retiring RO Mark Hannay.

The new version of the race will head out over Knocktim to climb steeply through the Door of Cairnsmore. Then runners will head north along the Knee of Cairnsmore to reach the summit of Cairnsmore of Fleet at the trig. Turning south west from the trig they can then enjoy a long descent right down to the finish .  A total mileage of 17.50km with 800m ascent.  

Registration will be open from 9.30am at Muirfad farm and the Start will be at 11am. The checkpoints are CP1 Bottom of Door of Cairnsmore NX 520 646 CP2 Knee of Cairnsmore  NX 509 653 CP3 Cairnsmore of Fleet Trig NX 501 670

This is a race for people who are over 18 years old, with fell running experience and navigation skills as it's a winter race and it could be run in full winter conditions. Galloway Mountain Rescue marshalls will be out on the course taking number at checkpoints, providing First Aid cover and generously serving up hot soup and refreshments at the finish. All profits from the race will go to Galloway MRT.

This race has a permit from Scottish Hill Runners association and run under SHR rules 

**Time:** Registration from 9.30am, Race start at 11am.

**Location**: Muirfad Farm, Palnure, Newton Stewart, DG8 7BA

**Course:** 17.50km distance, 800m ascent.

**Route:** As above description and see map on the website. 

**Kit:** The following is the mandatory kit list which must be carried / worn:

*   Map
*   Compass
*   Whistle
*   Waterproof top with integral hood and taped seams
*   Waterproof bottoms with taped seams
*   Hat
*   Gloves

**Website**: [www.BrucesCrown.co.uk](https://www.brucescrown.co.uk/) There is a link to Cairnsmore Hill Race from the main menu.
