---
title: "Bruce's Crown Race - Sign Ups open on SiEntries"
date: 2024-01-24
excerpt: "Bruce's Crown Race - Friday 5th to Saturday 6th April 2024"
---

SiEntries Link - [SiEntries - Bruce's Crown Race](https://www.sientries.co.uk/event.php?elid=Y&event_id=12973)

After many years this truly fantastic event is being resurrected by our local British long-distance runner Nicky Spinks supported by Galloway Mountain Rescue Team. The event will start and finish at Caldons, near Glentrool, Newton Stewart in the heart of Galloway. The route will cover a grueling 46 miles across three hill ranges within Galloway (Minnigaff Hills, Rhinns of Kells and the Awful Hand) climbing over 4000 metres.   
   
This event is set to be one of the best with fantastic 360 degrees views. On a clear day you can see the Southern Highlands to the north, Lake District and Snowdonia to the south, Moffat and Border hills to the east and Mountains of Mourne to the west.  
   
It is a challenging route with very few paths, testing underfoot conditions and good navigation skills will be required. Entries will be for teams of 4 only, each team require to stay together throughout the event and check into each checkpoint together as a team with a 24-hour cut off time to complete the event.  
   
Galloway MRT provide search and rescue services in Dumfries and Galloway and South Ayrshire. The team are highly trained volunteers operating from our base in Newton Stewart. We hold charitable status and rely on public support. Since the team formed in 1975, they have responded to hundreds of incidents across Southwest Scotland. GMRT will support the race on the hills throughout the event.

All proceed from the event (after expenditure) will be donated to the Galloway Mountain Rescue Team towards the development of their new base. Further detail can be found at - [Team Base - Fund Raising Page - Galloway Mountain Rescue Team (gallowaymrt.org.uk)](https://gallowaymrt.org.uk/team-base-fund-raising-page/)
