---
title: "North Berwick Law - Race Report & Results"
date: 2024-08-15
excerpt: "Wins (and new course records) for Andy Douglas (Westies) and Isla Cubbit (Unattached) at The North Berwick Law Race on Wednesday 31st July"
---

The 298 runners arrived for the race on a balmy summers night, and crowds of supporters who were out in their hundreds. The supporters got to see some superb running and the sounds of the local bagpipe band. The runners were also treated to a solo bagpiper Charlie at the top of the Law. 

Andrew Douglas (Westerlands CCC) claimed back to back victories with a time of 19:24 (5 seconds faster than last year), even after having to run from the train station to the start line, having missed the earlier train. Isla Cubbit (no club) claimed the female title in 24:40 and is the first lady to put her name on the new female trophy funded by the North Berwick Trust. 

The first local male and female runners home were also both second overall. Angus Wright (Edinburgh Uni Hare & Hounds) in 19:44 and Tori Reid (NB Runners) in 25:03.

In the U18s Lawrence Ward (Lasswade AC) was the first male and was 8th overall. With the Flora Lawson (Team East Lothian) the first female. 

The wall of noise along the home straight was incredible, and spurred on a lot of sprint finishes on tired legs.

The organising committee, from NB Runners, would like to thank the 40 plus marshals who helped out from the harbour to the summit.

The funds raised this year's race are being put towards the repair of the North Berwick Harbour wall, which was badly damaged I'm the winter storms.

Overall male:

1.  Andrew Douglas 19:24 (new course record) (Westerlands CCC)
2.  Angus Wright 19:44 (Edinburgh Uni Hare & Hounds)
3.  Alex Luetchford 20:41 (Hunters Bog Trotters) 

Overall female

1.  Isla Cubbit 24:40 (no club) (new course record)
2.  Tori Reid 25:03 (NB Runners) 
3.  Katie Williams 25:32 (HBT)

1st local (EH39)

Angus Wright 19:44 (Edinburgh Uni Hare & Hounds)

Tori Reid 25:03 (NB Runners)

U18

Lawrence Ward 21:53 (Lasswade AC)

Flora Lawson 28:04 (Team East Lothian)

V40

Shona McIntosh 26:23 (HBT) 

David Ward 22:08 (HBT) 

V50

Megan Mowbray 27:03 (HBT) 

Donald Naylor 22:00 (HBT) 

V60

Carole Fortune 32:21 (Carnethy) 

James Mayers 26:11 (Musselburgh Athletic)

V70

Sandy Wallace 32:33 (Haddington)

Andy Fraser (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
