---
title: "Moffat Chase - Race Report & Results"
date: 2024-08-07
excerpt: "Wins for Andy Douglas and Ella Forman (both Westies) at the Moffat Chase race on Saturday 3rd August"
---

First male was Andrew Douglas  (Westies)  in 03:03:40, second male was Alastair Graves (Ochil Hill Runners) in 03:04:25 and third was Robin Downie (Lochaber Athletic Club) 03:05:15.

First Female was Ella Forman (Westies) in 03:53:41, Second Female was CJ Macphail (Shettleston Harriers) in 03:57:07 and third was Ella Peters (Also Westies) in a time of 04:00:06, so close to that sub 4 hours.

In the team event Ochil Hill Runners were the first male team made up of Alastair Graves, Rory Abernethy and Gregor Malcolm, Westerlands Cross Country Club won the team event for the females, with Ella Forman, Ella Peters and Leyre Flores.

I would like to take the opportunity to say a massive thank you for all the helpers, it wouldn't be fair to single anyone out personally as they were all awesome.

General mention for the race sponsors, The Annandale Arms Hotel,  Moffat Mountain Rescue Team, old friends and new from ADAC, my club mates and friends from Hartfell, none running friends, Craig for the great race mementos and lastly the runners for turning up to support it.

We look to have raised around £2,000 for Moffat Mountain Rescue Team. There are lots of photos on the Hartfell HRC Facebook Page.

[(1) Hartfell Hill Running Club, Public Group. | Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groups/552275165282337/)

Kevin Plummer (Hartfell HRC & Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
