---
title: "The Law Breaker - Race Report & Results"
date: 2024-06-27
excerpt: "Wins for Rory Abernethy (Ochils) and Rosalind Heron (Carnethy) at the Law Breaker race on Wednesday 27th June"
---

**The Law Breaker 2024 – race report**

Another year has flown by and another Law Breaker race has come to pass. 2008 was when I first started this event and each year brings fresh faces to the joy of tackling the brute that is the principal path to the Law summit. But of course, as any canny hill stomper will tell you, the real challenge here is the descent, and the combination of sharp downward gradient, damp grass, and gravity, means it takes every ounce of strength to keep from an out-of-control plummet! Wonder then in astonishment at the chap this year who did this in smooth soled Nike Vaporflys, unlike the other 56 sensibly shod competitors!

Weatherwise, the race itself once again dodged the rain, despite heavy showers at 5.30, and conditions were calm at the bottom and with only a gentle breeze at the summit. Visibility and ground conditions were pretty good, and thankfully there were no injuries to report other than a slightly scraped knee from the overall winner.

In the race itself Ochil Hill Runner’s Rory Abernethy had a commanding lead throughout and was followed in just under a minute later by an in form Keiran Cooper (Carnethy). Winner from 2022, Alistair Thornton (Ochil) was a further minute back in third this year.

For the women, Rosalind Heron (Carnethy) had a comfortable margin of over two minutes from Stephanie Johnson (Kinross RR), with Lynn Gatherer (Perth RR) performing well despite being in the V40 category to claim third.

The other headline category winners this year were Robin Wilkins (Ochil) for M40, Grant Baxter continuing his good form for M50, Harry Gilmore (Carnethy) for M60, and Murdo MacLeod the sole M70 runner. The corresponding ladies winners were Lisa Blackley (Unattached) for F40, Fiona Manson (Perth RR) for F50, and evergreen Joan Wilson (Lomond HR) for F60.

Thanks as always to all runners for coming along, and to Mike MacDonald (Fife AC), Michael Stewart, and Gary Pirie (both PH Racing Club), and Weibke Skeffington (Wee County Harriers) for their invaluable assistance on the night.

Photos were taken by various folk so hopefully these appear on social media etc. shortly.

Andrew Wright (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR Results tab
