---
title: "Falkland Hill Race - Results and Report"
date: 2024-07-31
excerpt: "Wins for Angus Wright (Edinburgh Uni H&H) and Stephanie Johnson (Kinross RR) at the Falkland Hill Race on Saturday 27th July"
---

**Falkland Hill Race 2024 Report**

We were blessed by fantastic weather for the race and the biggest weather hazard looked to be sunburn.

There was a minor change to the course where we had replaced a long uphill across a grass field with a technical woodland trail. Any time difference was negligible and there was no change to the distance.

Just as the runners headed off promptly at 1:00pm the sun went behind a cloud and for many runners this provided some welcome relief.

We had 88 starters (87 last year). There were 32 Female runners and 56 males. There were representatives from 26 different clubs with strong contingents from Carnegie Harriers and from Kinross RR who had both included the race in their club Grand Prix. The home club Falkland were also well represented.

The first two males were Juniors Angus Wright of Edinburgh University Hare & Hounds leading home Rowan Taylor of Lasswade Athletics Cub. Third male was Ralph McInally from Strathern Harriers.

Andrew Wright from PH Racing Club was first M50 and he managed to beat all of the M40 runners too.

First woman home was Stephanie Johnson from Kinross RR. She was followed by a junior, Isla Paterson from Gala Harriers. Third was Twig Barber from the home club Falkland Trail Runners.

Kevin Murray (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
