---
title: "SHR Annual Awards & Ceilidh - More sign ups needed to let the event go ahead"
date: 2024-01-23
excerpt: "We need more sign ups ASAP. Otherwise SHR will have to cancel the event. Please sign up now!"
---

Sign up for the SHR Annual Awards & Ceilidh - we need to get numbers by 27th Jan to confirm numbers with the caterers.

So don't delay!!   

The event will be held from 7.30pm onwards on 10th February 2024 at the National Piping Centre [Home - The National Piping Centre (thepipingcentre.co.uk)](https://urldefense.com/v3/__https:/www.thepipingcentre.co.uk/__;!!O7V3aRRsHkZJLA!EbsKVCioefquqsBravVRJwLZH048DR_whtQcXkopTXjajGj0a4omZeZTFank_S6OjEGEZ1JL5t-Ajyf_oBGZZtpAD5cg$) which is a cracking central venue, very close to Queen Street Station and Buchanan Bus Station for anyone traveling.

Shettleston and Westies are going to join forces to host a social run earlier in the day to get the appetites (and thirst up) for anyone that's keen. Details will follow to all those who purchase their tickets in advance.   

Tickets are £10 per head, which includes a drink and a pie (meat, veg or vegan options) and of course a ceilidh - there will also be a reasonably priced bar.

For catering purposes tickets have to be bought at least 2 weeks before the event - so **no later than Saturday 27th January**. 

Please pay by bank transfer to Scottish Hill Runners: Ac: 00598107 SC: 80-11-10, and then email [jillianstephen@live.co.uk](mailto:jillianstephen@live.co.uk) confirming your payment and stating your preference for Meat / Veggie / Vegan and also indicating if you'd like to join in a social run earlier in the day. 

This promises to be a great night of celebration for some outstanding individual and team performances as well as a chance to socialise off the hills. We hope to see you there.
