---
title: "Scottish Hill Runners Championship Prize-Giving & Ceilidh"
date: 2025-08-07
excerpt: "To be held after the last Champs race of the year at Morven on 4th October - all the details here"
---

This year's Scottish Hill Runners Championship Prize-Giving will be held after the last Champs race of the year at Morven on 4th October.  We also plan to have this year's mug to hand out to all those who have completed 4 of the 6 of this year's champs races.

Prize-Giving will kick off at 7pm in the Victory Hall, Aboyne followed by a Ceilidh, so bring yer dancin' shoes as well as your hill shoes. Ticket 

price includes pulled pork or pulled jackfruit rolls which will be served up by Louise's Farm Kitchen at about 9pm, so make sure you've eaten enough to see you through till then. It's BYOB so please do bring along your beverage(s) of choice for the evening.  

Tickets are £5 for members and £10 for non-members which you need to pay for in advance by bank transfer to:  

Account Name: Scottish Hill Runners

Sort Code : 16-00-01

Acc No: 30287093

_**Please then email [alpringle68@gmail.com](mailto:alpringle68@gmail.com) confirming payment and the name(s) of those you have paid for.**_

[Aboyne Loch Caravan Park](https://www.aboynelochcaravanpark.co.uk/) is a half mile from the venue and has availability for small tents and campervans for the weekend, but you'd be best to book early to avoid disappointment...or a longer walk to find your tent! Give them a call on 01339 886244 or email [info@aboynelochcaravanpark.co.uk](mailto:info@aboynelochcaravanpark.co.uk) and let them know you are part of the Scottish Hill Runners group. They will try and accommodate as many of us as they can.   

Looking forward to seeing you all there!
