---
title: "SHR Scottish Championship after the Ben"
date: 2025-09-09
excerpt: "Here are the latest standings after the Ben Nevis race, with only the final race at Morven left to run. So far 57 people (including the U23 and Over 60, for which the qualification races are slightly different) have earned a valuable specially designed mug. Several champions have now been decided, but many categories are still open."
---

Sasha Chepelin (Carnethy) has become the Senior Men's champion; Andy Fallas (Carnethy) the Over 40 Men's champion; Angela Mudge (Ochil) the Over 50 Women's champion; Veronique Oldham (Cosmic) the Women's Over 55 champion; Hilary Ritchie (Fife) the Over 60 Women's champion; Gemma Griffiths (Shettleston) the Under 23 Women's champion and finally Angus Wright (Edin Uni) the Men's Under 23 champion. In the teams, Carnethy & Westerlands have won the Male and Female Over 40 Team Championships respectively.

For the other categories: in the Senior Women's there are 5 possible winners, depending who turns up to the last race; in the Women's Over 40, it is between Angela Mudge and Sally Wallis (Deeside); for the Men's Over 50 and Over 55, Kenny Richmond (Shettleston) is favourite provided he turns up. The Men's Over 60 is between Colin Donnelly (Cambuslang) and Stewart Whitlie (Carnethy) and the Men's Over 65 between Don Reid (Westerlands) and Colin Donnelly. As long as Jane Oliver (Deeside) and Pat Fitzpatrick (Ochil) turn up to Morven, they will take the Women's Over 65 and Men's Over 70 championship respectively.

The Senior Men's team is the usual Edinburgh/Glasgow rivalry as it's neck and neck between Shettleston and Carnethy. As long as Carnethy women turn up for the last race, the Senior women's team is also going to be a battle between Shettleston and Carnethy. So a lot of "ifs"!

The latest championship tables are [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2025 - Male.xls) for men and [here](Download.aspx?Item=SHR Hill Running Championships 2025 - Female.xls) for women.

Any queries to [Andy Spenceley](mailto:committee10@scottishhillrunners.uk) SHR Statistician
