---
title: "The Law Breaker - Race Report & Results"
date: 2025-06-26
excerpt: "Wins for Phil Vokes (Highland HR) and Zoe Barber (Shettleston) at The Law Breaker race on Wednesday 25th June"
---

**The Law Breaker 2025 – race report**

Despite a threatening grey sky pre-race the rain held off throughout this year’s Law Breaker race in Tillicoultry, and the forecast strong breeze didn’t materialise.

57 runners signed up, so 1 more than in 2024, but plenty of new faces amongst the seasoned regulars. There seemed to be an abundance of scrapes to body parts this year despite the good going underfoot. But wound of the night award goes uncontested to Peter Mills (Unattached), who crossed the line looking like a horror movie victim due to a nasty head gash, which our first aid sorted out.

In the race itself Northern interloper, and first time winner, Philip Volkes (Highland Hill Runners) had a great battle with Ryan Chebbout (Shettleston Harriers) with only 9 seconds dividing them at the finish, This pairing were followed in a minute later by Ryan’s teammate Harry Pulham. Overall these three were well clear of the rest of the field with 4th place a further 4 minutes back.

For the women, Zoe Barber (Shettleston Harriers) had a comfortable margin over Helen Rountree (Ochil Hill Runners), with Fiona Horsfield (Kinross RR) performing well as a V40 to claim third.

The other headline category winners this year were Andrew Cox (Gala Harriers) for M40, evergreen Brian Marshall continuing his good form for M50, Mickey Anderson (Westerlands CCC) for M60, and Pat Fitzpatrick (Ochil Hill Runners) the sole M70 runner. The corresponding ladies winners were Gaby Macbeth (Westerlands CCC) for F40, Susan Lindsay (Ochil Hill Runners) for F50, and Joan Wilson (Lomond HR) for F60 who also won her category last year.

Thanks as always to all runners for coming along, and to my PH Racing Club compatriots Ben and Michael for their invaluable assistance on the night.

Andrew Wright (Race Organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
