---
title: "Manor Water Hill Race - Update"
date: 2025-09-25
excerpt: "NEW START/FINISH FOR 2025"
---

**NEW START/FINISH FOR 2025**

The race will start in the registration field near Haswellsykes, Manor, Peebles (NT 212395) and will exit the field at its south western corner (NT 210390). It will then cross the minor road and enter another field (NT 209390) which it crosses diagonally (SW), cresting the shoulder of a rise between Hunt Hill and Skye Hill before dropping back down towards the Glack. A stone wall is crossed into the Glack via a temporary stile (a mandatory crossing point) at NT 205378 and the previous race route up the Glack is joined near the top of the rise. Runners will now follow a short section of the waymarked John Buchan Way up the remainder of Glack Hope to the gate in the drystone dyke. Through the gate, the route takes a left turn and follows vehicle tracks fairly close to the march dyke over White Knowe and Whitelaw Hill to the dip at ‘Dead Wife’s Grave’ (NT 189351).  
Continue to follow the march dyke and finally a fence to the top of Scrape hill (NT 176325) at 2348 ft. There is one section where the path leaves the dyke/fence and skirts the penultimate hill which is the recommended, but un-marked, route.

At the summit, runners must call out their race number to the marshal before turning for home, returning by the same route. **2025 RACE FINISHES AT NEW STARTING POINT (NT 212395). Follow identical route you followed on the outward half.**

Runners retiring from the race between Dead Wife’s Grave and Scrape should report to the marshal’s vehicle at Dead Wife’s Grave.

Depending on conditions the route may be marked at intervals, but self-navigation is required. The bad weather alternative course will follow the same route but the turning point, rather than being at the top of The Scrape hill, will be earlier and lower down the hill at NT181332. Any route changes will be made clear to runners before the start and a marshall will be at the new return location if applicable.

The revised map will be posted up when available

The race is an integral part of the Manor Sheepdog Trial. Bring cash for refreshments and raffle tickets!

All details here: [https://carnethy.com/carnethy-organised-races/manor-water-hill-race/](https://carnethy.com/carnethy-organised-races/manor-water-hill-race/)

Online registration: [https://www.sientries.co.uk/list.php?event\_id=16262](https://www.sientries.co.uk/list.php?event_id=16262)
