---
title: "SHR Long Classics - Final Positions"
date: 2025-10-14
excerpt: "Congratulations to Luke Taylor (Highland Hill Runners) and Shona Robertson (Shettleston) for their wins in this year's Long Classics Championship - Final Positions all here"
---

Final scores in 2025 Scottish Long Classics after Carnethy Skyloop, the 12th and final races in the series, are as per link below.

In the men’s series, **Luke Taylor** of **Highland Hill Runners**, finished in top spot following his 3rd place last year. **Robin Wilkins** of **Ochils** and **Andrew Gilmore** of **Highland Hill Runners** made up the podium positions.

In the Ladies series, **Shona Robertson** of **Shettleston Harriers** finished in top spot. **Nicky Spinks** of **Dark Peak** finished in 2nd place, same as last year, with **Véronique Oldham** of **Cosmic Hillbashers** making up the last podium slot for the women. Very impressive given top 3 ladies in the V50 class.

Outside of the top 3 placings, Veteran class winners for men were **Jonathan Turnbull** of **Strathearn Harriers** (V40) (needed a few decimal places to work that one out, finishing just 0.41 points ahead of Michael Reid of Carnethy!), **Walter Henderson** of **Westerlands** (V50) & **Stewart Whitlie** of **Carnethy** (V60) and for women, **Naomi Dijkman** of **Lauderdale Limpers** (V40), **Cathy Southworth** of **Carnethy** (V50) & **Tania Wilson** of **Fife AC** (V60). Congratulations to all category winners.

Also big congratulations to everyone who completed 5 or more races this year, 41 in total (29 men & 12 women).

As usual, if you spot any issues with scores, please let me know and I’ll do my best to resolve asap.

Stewart Whitlie

[2025 Long Classics Positions after 12 races](Download.aspx?Item=2025SHRLC12.xlsx)
