---
title: "Kilpatricks Kaper - Updated details"
date: 2025-04-24
excerpt: "Check out the details for the Kilpatricks race on Wednesday 21st May"
---

**Entry Fee:** _Entry on the day, cash only. £1 if arriving by train, bike or on foot. £5 if arriving by car/van._ 

Travel: This race is trying to be as low carbon as possible. Taking public transport is strongly encouraged. Trains leave from Queens Street and are direct to Kilpatrick station, 400m from the start line. Trains leave at 17:43, 18:32 & 18:43 which all arrive in time for a 7:30 race start. The start will be delayed if trains run late. Trains leave from Kilpatrick at 20:36, 21:07 & 21:36 back to Queens Street. 

Accessibility: You can park at the train station car park but parking is limited. There is no car parking at the gas works station/start line. Bikes can be locked up or looked after at the race start line. There are no toilets provided, however the Kilpatrick's Bowling Club is close by and may be used if asking nicely. Water provided for emergencies, please bring your own. 

Race kit: Full race kit as per the SHR guidelines, decision made on the night based on conditions but must come with full kit.

Prizes: Prizes this year will be tree planting through the Scottish charity Trees for Life. The winner from each category will have a tree planted in a special grove of trees dedicated to the Kilpatricks Kaper. 

Gender categories:  Women, Men & Open/non binary. 

Route Map

GPX files can be requested from RO by contacting them via email or phone directly. Option B represents an alternative route which will be decided on the night, this follows one of the older race routes from previous years. The route will be clearly marked and marshalled. The distance and elevation is roughly the same for both route options.
