---
title: "Craig Dunain - Race Report & Results"
date: 2025-03-23
excerpt: "Wins and new course records for Sasha Chepelin (Carnethy) and Sarah Hodgson (Highland Hill Runners) at the senior Craig Dunain race on Saturday 22nd March. The Junior race report and results are here too."
---

**Craig Dunain hill race 2025**

It was a lovely surprise on the morning of the race to find it wasn’t raining, as the forecast all week had suggested it was going to be a very wet day. The rain managed to stay away all day, and the runners were even treated to some sun as they ascended to the mast at the Craig Dunain summit, where it was feeling warm in the Spring sunshine. 

This year the race had another very healthy entry of 97 runners in the senior race, and 20 young athletes in the junior race.

**Winning the open senior race** was Sasha Chepelin of Carnethy, in a new course record time of 37.00. Completing the top 3 were Fergus Roberts of Highland Hill Runners in 38.25, and Tom Owens of Shettleston in 40.02.

**In the female race**, Sarah Hodgson of Highland Hill Runners retained her title from last year, and improved on her time, also setting a new course record of 44.41. Highland Hill Runners had a 1-2-3, with Catriona Graves 2nd in 46.11 and Elizabeth Richardson 3rd in 48.30.

**Age category** prize winners were:

Open 40: 1st Ewan Thorburn (Lochaber), 2nd Jonathan Turnbull (Strathearn), 3rd David Jones (HHR)

Female 40: 1st Rachel Watson, 2nd Kate Comisso, 3rd Lorna Blake (all HHR)

Open 50: 1st Michael Hoult (Ross County), 2nd Nick Carter (UA), 3rd Michael Diver (Clydesdale Harriers)

Female 50: 1st Lorraine Coull, 2nd Anne MacRae, 3rd Joanne Paterson (all HHR)

Open 60: 1st Simon Dobbs (Forres), 2nd Alasdair MacSween (Skye & Lochalsh), 3rd Kenneth Cameron (HHR)

Female 60: 1st Ella Bowles (Forres)

The female **team prize** was won by the HHR ladies - Sarah Hodgson, Catriona Graves and Elizabeth Richardson, while the open team prize went to the strong Lochaber contingent of Robin Downie, Ewan Thorburn and Jamie Kennedy.

**The junior race** was very competitive particularly in the U13 boys category, and was won by Harris Turnbull of Strathearn, beating the previous course record by 5 seconds, in a time of 13.30. Quinn McInally (Strathearn) and Kai Tresidder (Lochaber) completed the podium.

In the U15 boys race, the winner was Aaron Tresidder (Lochaber), with Fraser Hume (Ross County) in 2nd.

The U13 girls race was won by Niamh Doorley (Inverness Harriers), who was competing in her first ever hill race. She also managed to break the previous course record by 5 seconds, running 14.21. The U13 girls podium was completed by Lily Cant (Lochaber) and Eilidh Hume (Ross County).

Congratulations to all the prize winners.

I would love to thank EVERYONE who helped in some way towards the success of the race, all the marshals, timekeepers, folk on teas and registration, first aid, tail runner and everyone who helped with the clear up and de-marking of the course. The race can’t be run without you all.

Thank you also to Nature Scot for the use of the car park and to the landowners for route permissions.

Caroline Marwick (Race Organiser)

[2025 Craig Dunain Race Results](Download.aspx?Item=CSV Craig Dunain 2025.csv)

[2025 Craig Dunain Junior Race Results](Download.aspx?Item=CSV Craig Dunain Junior 2025.csv)
