---
title: "Meall a' Bhuachaille Race Report & Results"
date: 2025-10-26
excerpt: "Wins for Tom Harris and Sarah Hodgson (both Highland Hill Runners) at the Meall a' Bhuachaille race on Saturday 25th October"
---

**Meall a Bhuachaille Race 2025 – Race Organiser’s Report**

This year’s race was held on Saturday 25th October.   Due to the high winds and severe wind chill factor in particular, the route was modified so as to take out the exposed ridge section from Creagan Gorm to Creagowrie summits.   Runners still had to ascend to the top of Meall a Bhuachaille itself and continue to the knoll at check point 3, before returning to the bealach (checkpoint 2) and then retracing steps to the finish at Badaguish.   There seemed unanimous agreement at the end that this had been a sensible and wise decision.

98 runners lined up at the start with Tom Ownes (Lochaber) the first to the top of Meall a Bhuachaille but he was reeled in on the descent by Tom Harris (Highland Hill Runners} who went on to win the race in a very good time of 55 minutes 36 seconds.  Tom Owens followed not far behind to take second overall and first O40 position.   Third place went to Hamish Battle from Deeside Runners.  Craig Tweedie (unattached) and Alan Sealy (Deeside Runners) claimed the first O50 and O60 prizes respectively, whilst a great run from Charles Ritchie (also Deeside) was rewarded by being first O70.  With three finishers in the top nine, the men’s team prize went to Highland Hill Runners.

In the ladies’ race, Sarah Hodgson (HHR) ran strongly throughout and finished an excellent 18th position overall with a time of 63 minutes and 28 seconds.    Second and third places went to Siobhan Killingbeck (HHR) and Ella Thomson (unattached) respectively.    Caroline Marwick (HHR) was the winner of the F40 race whilst Sarah Dunn (Deeside) took the honours in the F50s and local resident Carol Younger was first F60.    Highland Hill Runners’ women were clear winners for the ladies team prize.

As always, huge thanks are due to all those who volunteered to help on the day.  It was a bitter day to be out marshalling on the hill so special thanks to all those who braved the elements and made the smooth running of the event possible.   Great work by the registration and finish team at Badaguish was also very much appreciated.   Finally, big thanks are due to Badaguish centre and staff for once again providing such a good base and support for the race.  

Dave Cummins  
(Race organiser)

Full results on the SHR results tab
