---
title: "SHR Championships Awards and Ceilidh - 8th November - Victoria Hall Ballater"
date: 2025-10-20
excerpt: "SHR Championships Awards and Ceilidh - 8th November - Victoria Hall Ballater"
---

Dear Scottish Hill Runners  
As you are hopefully aware, Morven Hill Race, the last counter in the SHR Championships, has been rearranged for 8th November. Huge thanks to Sarah and all involved for managing to get this organised so quickly.  
We have now managed to rearrange our planned end of year awards and social for the same day, with a change of venue to Ballater Victory Hall. The evening will start at 7pm with the awards, followed by a ceilidh. If you had already signed up for the ceilidh in Aboyne we will be in touch shortly by email to confirm you are still able to come along on 8th November and if not to offer a refund.  
If you'd now like to come along and join in the fun (you don't have to do the race to come and have a hoolie) tickets are £5 for SHR members and £10 for non-members which you need to pay for in advance by bank transfer to:  
Account Name: Scottish Hill Runners  
Sort Code : 16-00-01  
Acc No: 30287093  
Please then email alpringle68@gmail.com confirming payment and the name(s) of those you have paid for and if they would like pulled pork or jackfruit. Ticket price includes pulled pork or pulled jackfruit rolls which will be served up by Louise's Farm Kitchen at about 9pm, so make sure you've eaten enough to see you through till then. It's BYOB so please do bring along your beverage(s) of choice for the evening.  
Camping is available at Ballater Caravan Park  
Hope to see you there  
The OC
