---
title: "Ramsay Memorial Weekend - 21-22nd June"
date: 2025-06-17
excerpt: "Carnethy HRC have organised a Ramsay Round at the weekend to celebrate the life of Charlie Ramsay. Anyone who's going to be in the Lochaber area at the weekend is very welcome to join in but note the schedule below along with the information on the plan and the pace underneath. Anyone participating is encouraged to have full mountain kit (as detailed below), a charged mobile phone as well as a physical map. Ideally, nobody will run solo, and note that everyone participates at their own risk."
---

Word doc available with the schedule showing start time, start checkpoint and leg pace

[Weekend Schedule](Download.aspx?Item=CHRCRamsay2025.docx)

_**Plan Overview**_

 _- Lots of us gather at Glen Nevis YHA 11:30am Saturday for some nice words and memories. Midges can't wait!_

 _- Start at 12 noon exactly._

 _- Socially paced start for first half of the Mamores on Saturday afternoon. Big group having a great time._

 _- Pace ramps up to Hard, matching record pace for second half of Mamores into Saturday evening. Group small in size for efficiency. Carnage likely._

 _- Hard group races flat section Mamores -> Railway Underpass to try and make the 9:20pm Corrour train back to Fort William (good luck)._ 

 _- Group waiting at Corrour bar (earlier train) meets the Hard crew at Railway Underpass to begin the overnight section to Fersit. Pace drops to Medium - 24hr due to unsociable hours. No talking allowed._

 _- Fersit to Lairig Leacach, the real grinders. Group meets south of Lairig Leacach bothy where they've been kipping to transfer kit bags and hand over to sunrise team. Pace remains  Medium - 24hr._

 _- Sunrise crew Grey Corries to Aonachs, early morning. Hopefully weather allows for smooth sailing at continued Medium - 24hr pace._

 _- Group arrives on CMD / Ben with plenty of time to spare. Pace back to Social and everyone calms the heck down._

 _- Social group grows rapidly in size as more members join on Ben / descent down at a chill effort. Early morning hikers extremely confused._

 _- Group finishes ideally before 12 noon Sunday._

_**Paces**_

_Social - at 33 hour Ramsay round pace this isn't much above a walk with jogs on flatter and downhill sections, but slightly quicker than Naismith. If you need a headstart to get up the first munro, don't be afraid to do so._

_Medium - 24hr - the standard Ramsay goal. At any given moment this might seem quite chill but by continuously fighting climbs and rough sections it starts getting tough very quickly._

_Hard - Finlay kept this up for over 14 hours. That might make it seem doable for a few hours - think again, especially in any unideal conditions. Ideally smallish group for optimum efficiency. Selection to Carnethy 1st team greatly improves if successful._

_**Safety**_

_Full details to follow but at this point I want to make the following clear, we are a big group and need some ground rules:_

*   _No one should be solo at any point: on the round, approaching or exiting the hills. This is regardless of conditions._
*   _**Full mountain kit** with each person at all times:_

*   _Full waterproofs, hat, gloves, insulated dry layer_
*   _Survival bag_
*   _Small first aid kit_
*   _Headtorch_
*   _Fully charged mobile phone_
*   _Survival shelter (for groups) - please bring if you have_

*   _**Weather**: Unfortunately there is little we can do here except have backup plans. We will make a **final decision Weds/Thurs** before the weekend._

*   _**Plan B**: Weather a combination of cold / rainy /  windy - we still target summits but as group outings rather than a relay._
*   _**Plan C**: Weather warnings issued by Met. Low level circumnavigation of the Ramsay hills? Suggestions open._

*   _We will have 2 x **GPS trackers** with the 2 x nominated leads in the group at all times. These can be tracked online with mobile signal, they will let us keep tabs on schedules / incidents if required._
*   _Lochaber Mountain Rescue aware of our plans_
