---
title: "Falkland Yomp - Race Report & Results"
date: 2026-01-14
excerpt: "Wins for Robin Downie (Lochaber AC) and Rhona Van Rensburg (Fife AC) at the Falkland Yomp Race on Saturday 11th January"
---

A remarkable 133 runners turned up for the Falkland Yomp despite the super tough under foot conditions and hosing rain. Folk must be itching to get their racing shoes out which is great, and really impressed me as I was certain we’d only get a max of 80 runners out of 180 entrants.  
As predicted in the race email and briefing, there would be slips and falls and everyone advised to run accordingly, and folk still raced hard, or happily made the most of it and gave great positive feedback at the end which made it all worthwhile for me and the marshalls. We send our wishes to those who did hurt themselves and hope for a speedy recovery.  
  
As for the race results, well done to Robin Downie of Lochaber AC with a comfortable win at the Falkland Yomp in tough conditions which meant chasing a course record, was unfeasible. Robin has clearly built significantly on last year and is going to be among the podium places in this year’s hill race calendar. The ever present Fife AC filled 2nd Iain McWhinnie and 3rd Ruan Van Rensberg who were both close after the icy Maspie descent, but Iain managed to dig in and impressively pull away with a gap over a minute to Ruan who was 1st last year.  
The ladies race was won by Rhona Van Rensburg of Fife AC. Rhona also won the V50 prize in a time faster than last year, so an impressive achievement. Twig Barbour of Falkland Trail Runners was 2nd with a PB in tough conditions, and Nicola Dawson Westies 3rd and first V40.  
Alison Cunningham Strathearn Harriers 1st FV60+, Steve Feltbower Ochils HR 1st MV40, Grant Baxter Ochils HR 1st MV50, James Kelman Fife AC, 1st MV60+  
  
Iain Simpson, Race Organiser, Lomond Hill Runners

Full results on the SHR Results tab
