---
title: "Bishop Hill Race Results & Report"
date: 2026-03-03
excerpt: "Wins for Tom Spencer (Dark Peak) and Hannah McInally (Strathearn Harriers) at the Bishop Hill Race on Sunday 1st March"
---

This year saw 113 starters thanks to some local clubs having the race in their championships and their love of Lomie soup!!

There were wins for Tom Spencer of Dark Peak Fell Runners, and Hannah McInally of Strathearn Harriers.  Tom was only 9 seconds off Jamie Crow’s 2023 record of 16m 59s in wet and muddy conditions.  Perhaps Tom is hanging around for more Scottish races this year, as he will certainly push for the win wherever he goes.  Hopefully he will return next year to have another go at the Bishop record.

It was Hannah’s 4th time lucky, so we are pleased to see her finally get it in the bag, and this was off the back of winning the Glenshee snow race the day before.

There were 10 Juniors who raced and Quinn McInally won and was closely followed in by his brother Finlay and Arran Davis.  Surnames of well kent faces in the SHR scene.  Full junior results on the Lomies FB page.

Other winners on the day were as follows:

V40s; Tim Kinnaird- Fife AC, Alison McGill- Kinross RR

V50s; Grant Baxter- Ochils HR, Kirsty Gray- Kinross RR

V60s; Des Crowe- Penicuik Harriers, Hillary Ritchie- Fife AC

V70s; Ronald Milne- Forfar RR, Jocelyn Scott- Fife AC

Thanks to everyone that came along and we hope to see you at the new and extended Lomonds Of Fife race in August, and a new midweek race we are organising on Benarty Hill, probably mid June with details to follow.

Iain Simpson (Lomond Hill Runners)

Full results on the SHR results tab
