---
title: "Ochil Hill Relays - Results & Report"
date: 2026-03-11
excerpt: "The inaugural Ochil Hill Relays took place at Alva on Saturday 7th March"
---

The inaugural Ochil Hill Relays took place at Alva on Saturday 7th March.

34 of the 40 teams entered gathered under blue skys with the sun reflecting off a light dusting of snow on the tops of the Ochils. In a break from the normal relays format, the three legs set off at 15 minute intervals from the start line in Alva Glen to take on 3 challenging courses in the hills above. Legs 1 & 2 were for solo runners, with Leg 3 run in pairs, and the format meant that all runners were on the hill at the same time making for a busy and exciting final descent into Alva Glen, with all legs returning to the finish by the same route.

Afterwards, runners returned to the Cochrane Hall for hot pies, tea and biscuits and plenty of post race chat whilst the results were awaited.

First Open team and first overall were the Felkour Squad in 2:26:57. First Female team were Heavy Breathing Tortoises from HBT in 3:16:02 and first Mixed team were Kinross RR1 in 3:27:38. As well as the category winners, the Lanterne Rogue prize sponsored by Ochils Coffee Roastery for last team overall was won by There's No Hills in Musselburgh.

All results and category winners can be seen at: [https://protay.co.uk/ochilhillrelays/results.php#0\_93ABD2](https://protay.co.uk/ochilhillrelays/results.php#0_93ABD2)

Over £1000 was raised for local charities on the day. The organisers were delighted to hear lots of positive feedback from participants on the day and intend to follow-up with a short survey to help identify what went well and what can be improved on to inform future runnings of the event.

Lots of pics on the Ochil Hill Runners Facebook page - [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/p/Ochil-Hill-Runners-100068718634130/?locale=en_GB)
